8293
emery to pay $ 1 million fine in hopes of returning to skies.
san francisco _ emery will pay a $ 1 million fine.
faa on in order to resume flying, '' colvert said.

10669
coal mine accidents kill five in nw china.
five people killed in three coal mine accidents in northwest china's gansu province.
wangjiashan coal mine, a small state-owned coal mine in jingyuan county on saturday.

10670
statistics agency confirms france's economic growth.
french economy grew 0.8 percent in the first quarter of 2004 compared with the previous quarter.
domestic demand contributed to 0.9 percent of gross domestic product (gdp) in the first quarter.

8305
analysis : giuliani's revived political prospects should come as no.
he says the evolution of giuliani from embattled mayor to minor superhero is no evolution at all.
mayor's journey from lame duck to write-in candidate grew spontaneously from a terrible disaster.

1391
bosnian serbs hand over some 1.5 tonnes of wartime documents to un court.
bosnian serb authorities have delivered 1.5 tons of documents relating to bosnia's 1992-95 war.
ministry, thousands of documents were discovered after an investigation lasting several months.

8763
no fun under the gun by joanne korth.
the quarterback will have more time to scan the field.
shotgun should benefit just about everyone on offense.

4963
sri lanka needs dlrs 500 million to rebuild war-battered areas.
sri lanka needs dlrs 500 million to rebuild its northeast.
came a day after the talks getting off to a roaring start.

4964
swiss supreme court approves extradition of man linked to red brigades.
the swiss supreme court has approved the extradition to italy of a decade for alleged links to red brigades terrorists.
nicola bortone had fought against extradition since he was arrested in zurich in march on a warrant issued by interpol.

3932
salvage of ill-fated helicopter injures two.
the air force sikorsky helicopter crashed in the straits of malacca.
straits of malacca on oct. 16, killing at least two people on board.

8780
a day off and he starts to feel intimidating again.
barry bonds and hank aaron will share the home run until at least monday.
relaxed and relieved after he finally hit his 755th homer saturday night.

1701
f1 rebels promise level playing field attention - updates with meeting \/ \/ \/.
bmw, daimlerchrysler, honda, renault and toyota met nine of the teams in london.
already committed to f1 commercial rights holder bernie ecclestone, were absent.

1545
togo's new leader faure eyadema, groomed for the job.
togo's new leader was apparently groomed for the job.
interim head of state, according to the constitution.

4965
australia canters to nine-wicket victory over bangladesh.
australia beat bangladesh nine-wicket to reach nine-wicket champions trophy.
australia's semifinal against sri lanka with be a day-night game on sept 27.

2153
tourists back on the road to damascus.
syrian tourism is slowly recovering from the invasion of neighbouring iraq.
first quarter of 2005 is 25 percent up on same period last year to 610,000.

7458
mary's plea to other gay youths : ` please do n't give up hope on life.
in the summer of 1986, mary's thoughts took her to the typewriter.
christian church came into being, homophobia, prejudice and pride.

3514
skorean shares close 0.36 percent higher.
south korean shares edged 0.36 percent higher on massive program buying.
market managed to bounce worth 6.03 trillion won (4.93 billion dollars).

6338
mayor concedes defeat on nyc congestion pricing plan meant to reduce traffic with fees.
new york city mayor conceded failure tuesday on his controversial plan to reduce traffic by charging drivers extra fees to enter manhattan's most congested neighborhoods.
pricing plan had called for an $ 8 (euro5.8) for cars and a $ 21 (euro15.24) toll for trucks entering manhattan's most heavily traveled business district during workdays.

1417
briton tells how he survived wave terror but lost his brother by jack barton.
the drone of army rescue helicopters overhead and international forensic teams nearby discussing how best to document the dead.
people started running and screaming, '' said simon, still wearing the surf shorts he had on when the waves struck last sunday.

6371
canada to impose sanctions against pakistan.
canada's prime minister vows to impose same sanctions on pakistan.
canada must send a message that nuclear tests are `` unacceptable.

8980
far from war zone, georgia edges russia on the beach.
two women wearing georgian uniforms stepped onto a patch of sand wednesday.
women, cristine santanna and andrezza chagas, were born and live in brazil.

1608
neethling lowers his own 100m individual medley swim record.
south africa's ryk neethling broke his world record in the mens 100-metre individual medley final.
third time neethling has broken the world mark in that event during the 2004-05 world cup circuit.

3113
israel's attack on un compound could be war crime : amnesty.
amnesty international calls for immediate and independent investigation.
london-based human rights organization's middle east and africa program.

4530
eu rapped for breaking trade rules on computer networks.
world trade organization panel rejects u.s. complaint involving tariffs on multimedia computers.
organization panel rejected a u.s. complaint involving tariffs on multimedia personal computers.

6373
influenza outbreak likely : doh official.
the number of reported cases of respiratory infection topped 183,000.
influenza virus is able to mutate so rapidly over the following year.

439
seoul shares close 1.3 percent lower on foreign selling.
composite index closed down 12.02 points at 888.67, off a high of 905.26 and a low of 884.43.
composite index closed down 12.02 points at 888.67, off a high of 905.26 and a low of 884.43.

7916
medtronic boss now wants to revolutionize health-care system.
medtronic's niftiest new products is an implantable cardiac defibrillator.
heart has gone wrong, and to deliver the right signal to alter its course.

4089
free beers at outback pub that the russian mars probe missed eds : updates with avid gamblers trying to bet splashdown site.
tibooburra barkeeper alan lowe said he had been warned by police and state emergency service that the satellite was expected to crash in a swamp.
barkeeper alan lowe said he had been warned by police and the state emergency service that the satellite was expected to crash in a nearby swamp.

11238
first results of french presidential vote.
france has just concluded the first round of its presidential vote.
francois bayrou, union for french democracy : 18.3 to 19 percent ;.

7996
postcard from sydney : one of a kind lodging.
there are 5,883 reporters in 664 buildings, 21 of which once housed a psychiatric facility.
5,883 reporters ensconced in 664 buildings, 21 of which once housed a psychiatric facility.

2896
dollar gains in thin new year trade.
euro bought 1.3852 dollars in asian afternoon trade, down from 1.3969.
thomas lam, senior treasury economist with united overseas bank group.

7593
controversy swirls around montreal police actions.
a jury found four montreal police officers guilty of assault in the beating of a cab driver.
incidents involving questionable use of force by city and town police departments in quebec.

10163
genetically modified rice research in china now world-class.
these fields are part of the experimental program on genetically modified paddies.
fujian provincial academy of agricultural science in east china's fujian province.

2788
confident fed hikes rates, sees katrina impact as temporary by rob lever attention - adds details, quotes \/ \/ \/.
federal reserve policymakers lifted their base rate by a quarter-point to 3.75 percent.
federal open market committee, which devoted much of its statement to katrina's impact.

585
dollar bearish against yen in tokyo trade.
the us unit fetched 129.93-97 yen at 5:00 pm (0800 gmt), recovering from a low of 129.76 yen.
dollar after a plunge on wall street yesterday, '' said naoya murata, dealer at ufj holdings.

1882
two dead, nine rescued after taiwan high-rise blaze = (picture) = attention - updates death toll, adds injury \/ \/ \/.
security officer rushed to cheng ching hospital but was pronounced dead.
body of another unidentified man was later found on 18th floor, he said.

10218
canadian and us pilots want ` smart ' ids.
canadian and u.s. pilots are working on `` smart cards ''
, kent hardisty of the pilots association said wednesday.

8077
low-keyed jim lehrer to moderate high-powered presidential.
walter cronkite was known as the most trusted man in america.
jim lehrer '' reaches about 3.1 million viewers each evening.

7309
without liver transplant, docters say, mantle has two to four weeks.
mickey mantle, jaundiced, stricken with liver cancer and confined to a hospital bed.
dr. robert goldstein, a transplant surgeon at baylor university medical center here.

644
taliban trying to regroup : us military.
taliban fighters are attempting to regroup for hit-and-run attacks against the interim administration.
larger groups, '' us joint chiefs of staff chairman general richard myers told a news conference here.

11377
2nd ld writethru : un adopts resolution on indigenous peoples ' rights.
the un general assembly adopted on thursday a resolution calling for the protection of the rights.
their right to remain distinct and to pursue their own visions of economic and social development.

11399
annan's to launch forum to tackle climate change, natural disasters.
kofi annan would launch a new forum on oct. 17 aimed to tackle climate change and natural disasters.
un secretary - general, who stepped down at the most vulnerable people and communities, '' he added.

5370
palestinian killed, three wounded in gaza strip.
israeli troops shot and killed a palestinian and wounded three more.
karni crossing with israel said they heard gunfire and an explosion.

7362
bay meadows offers franklin room to grow.
san mateo mutual fund signed agreement with bay meadows to buy or lease 33 acres.
property involved is worth at least $ 20 million based on prevailing land prices.

1257
mass arsenic poisoning sickens 160 people in china.
all the victims were hospitalized, xinhua reports.
arsenic and manganese to spill into a nearby well.

6204
bill clinton ' s book on citizen activism coming out sept. 4.
former u.s. president bill clinton's book `` giving : how each of us can change the world ''
, whose memoir `` my life '' was a worldwide bestseller, will tour around the audio version.

2205
families of bangladesh ferry accident victims vent their misery, 32 dead by shafiq alam = (pictures) = attention - updates with 32 bodies found, adds detail \/ \/ \/.
relatives of scores of people feared drowned in a bangladesh ferry sinking.
strong currents prevented divers from searching the fate of family members.

9302
russia calls for armenian-azeri compromise over.
russia expects armenia and azerbaijan to reach a compromise.
soon as possible through a search for `` mutual compromises.

3915
india piles up 289 for 6 against australia in cricket.
the winner will clash with south africa in the finals.
bat after winning the toss on a perfect batting track.

1652
indian foreign minister set to visit pakistan, cancel afghan trip by sami zubeiri.
india's foreign minister natwar singh due to make first bilateral visit.
south asian neighbors, which has ground almost to a halt after one year.

6620
fifteen young scholars win junior research investigators awards.
fifteen young taiwanese scholars granted junior research awards.
winners receiving a certificate and a cash prize of nt$ 200,000.

5586
adu to be invited to first camp with u.s. national team.
u.s. coach bruce arena is inviting freddy adu to his first camp.
first training camp of 2006, which starts jan. 4 in los angeles.

8266
schools offer free tuition to attack-victims ' children.
five new york area universities said they plan to provide scholarships for victims in last week's attacks.
offers include rutgers university, long island university and the city and state universities of new york.

4940
eu seeks to defuse row with russia over travel to and from kaliningrad enclave.
european union proposed ways for russians to travel visa-free to and from kaliningrad in an attempt to defuse a row with moscow over visas once the eu expands and
proposals, russian travelers would be granted a special `` kaliningrad pass, '' which falls short of a fully fledged visa, to travel through lithuania until 2005.

3069
protests in crisis-hit latvia draw soviet-scale crowds.
protest was called by a coalition including opposition parties and trade unions.
, notably deep budget cuts that slash state employees ' pay by up to 15 percent.

8286
television review : a freshman and his inner geek.
judd apatow is the executive producer of last season's much loved.
ordinary adjustments has n't gotten used to how long his legs are.

3859
golf : lpga safeway classic scores.
leading first-round scores in the 1.7 million-dollar lpga safeway classic.
n't as phi), jeong jang, suzann pettersen (usa), stacy prammanasudh (tpe).

7038
playing tall in women's basketball.
the university of connecticut rallied from behind to defeat tennessee for the national collegiate athletic association's basketball championship.
smallest player on the court at 5 feet 5 inches, stole the ball, spun like a tornado and swiss-cheesed tennessee defenders for a critical layup.

1231
us-controlled hanaro telecom to acquire korea thrunet (updates with confirmation, quotes).
us-controlled hanaro telecom inc. said it has been named the preferred bidder.
broadband internet market stands at 23 percent compared with kt's 51 percent.

10652
singapore raises gdp growth forecast for 2004.
singapore's economic growth forecast from 3.5-5.5 percent to 5.5-7 percent.
, adding that both external demand and domestic demand grew by 16 percent.

4167
mladic's deputy indicates karadzic still wields power by jadran pandurevic.
bosnian serb general says he had held secret talks with former leader radovan karadzic.
ready to step down to end a power struggle with the current serb political leadership.

1493
nhl players reject proposal but talks are continuing.
the nhl players association rejected the owners ' latest proposal.
players latest rejection that he felt some progress was being made.

3571
sports : indian anger at england's badminton pull-out.
india reacted furiously to england's withdrawal from the world badminton championships.
home secretary g.k. pillai said after england backed out of the home traveled to a game.

64
china dismisses state department rights report, assails us conditions.
the state department report was `` a malicious and slanderous attack on china ''
, based on a meeting of `` chinese scholars '' discussing the subject in beijing.

1349
christmas hope twinkles in bethlehem, plo chief attends mass.
plo chairman mahmud abbas journeyed from ramallah for annual christmas eve mass.
celebrated birthplace of jesus christ into a ghost town for much of the nativity.

7428
clanging debate over arizona chain gangs.
the 20 men on a chain gang outside the arizona state prison have been at work for more than six hours.
small clouds of dust rise around their shackled ankles as they hoe weeds and rake dirt on the roadside.

116
balkan opposition parties nominated for nobel peace prize.
the international peace bureau has nominated bosnian, serbian and croatian opposition.
civic alliance of serbia, and vesna terselic, founder of croatia's anti-war campaign.

126
canon posts record profits for 1996, parent pre-tax up 56.1 percent.
canon forecast for 1997 a parent pre-tax profit of 137 billion yen on revenue.
1.08 billion dollars) in calendar 1996, breaking the previous record in 1995.

127
rise in anti-rushdie reward not government move : rafsanjani.
president ali akbar hashemi rafsanjani distanced himself from an iranian religious foundation.
rushdie affair) is the same as before, and one which we have repeatedly announced, '' he added.

6716
house panel approves limits on personal-injury lawsuits (washn).
house judiciary committee votes to recommend national restrictions on personal-injury lawsuits.
panel moved to limit large punitive verdicts against manufacturers in product liability cases.

8850
intersections are impossibly emotional intersections impossibly emotional baseball.
red sox slugger tony conigliaro was felled by a jack hamilton fastball.
red sox and ernie boch was on television screaming, `` come down ! ''.

4437
auto chief says villeneuve could be banned from last race eds : updates with comment from fia, williams.
jacques villeneuve could be banned for the last and decisive formula one season.
fia president max mosley, referring to the oct. 26 grand prix of europe in spain.

7815
russia's menatep to raise red october bid a day before deadline.
russia's menatep bank is preparing to raise its hostile bid.
menatep's offer runs out at 8:00 p.m. moscow time tomorrow.

3770
athletics : it's snow joke as china's xue bai wins marathon.
china's xue bai won the women's marathon world title in 2hours 25minutes.
2hr 25:32) while aselefech mergia of ethiopia took the bronze (2hr 25:25).

5001
georgian foreign minister : washington suggests three-way talks with russia on pankisi gorge.
russian defense minister sergei ivanov and foreign minister igor ivanov are in washington.
rustavi-2 dzhaparidze, secretary of the national security council, would represent georgia.

8342
essay : living nightly with terror.
as a citizen of the united states, i have lived with all those emotions before.
smell of paraffin reminds me of those frightening nights in our shelter bunks.

4837
widespread election problems stall florida primary results ; smith dumped in new hampshire.
bob smith lost his republican primary and former cabinet secretary elizabeth dole won easily in north carolina's republican senate primary.
dole, who served under two presidents, will face democrat erskine bowles, who under one, in the november race to succeed sen. jesse helms.

6359
suicide becomes a major cause of death in taiwan.
suicide for first time last year became one of the top 10 causes of death in taiwan.
top 10 causes of death for men, surpassing high blood pressure, the report indicated.

10964
global dram sales up 20 percent in second quaerter.
worldwide dynamic random - access memory revenues reached 6.7 billion us dollars in the second quarter of 2004.
dram vendors are gaining profits, they are increasing their capital expenditures on new production facilities.

8388
kapono scores 44 ; ucla beats washington state 98-83.
don maclean had an up-close view of jason kapono this season.
steve) lavin's job -- i think all those things weighed on him.

2964
children make up third of gaza dead : medics.
almost a third of the 689 palestinians killed in israel's gaza offensive are children.
unleashed on december 27, according to gaza emergency services chief moawiya hassanein.

7857
montblanc suggests that sometimes a pen is more than a pen.
montblanc hopes to be owned by the same corporate parent as montblanc.
, individually numbered nibs and capped with a white star on the top.

9714
mongolia's industrial output increases by 2.8 percent.
industrial output value amounted to 96.6 billion tughrik based on constant prices.
output value amounted to 96.6 billion tughrik based on the constant prices of 1995.

8414
` narc ' was transforming experience for liotta.
she had to age 10 or 15 years and gain 30 pounds.
cover of gq, and much younger than his 47 years.

7182
foreman victory sparks sour response among some fight fans.
the mgm grand's switchboard was fielding indignant phone calls from fight fans.
tent that he calls boxing trunks was tugged low and his knuckles begged for ice.

4036
french government closes out its stake in elf aquitaine.
french government sold 9.1 percent stake in elf aquitaine sa for about 10 billion francs.
market wednesday, while a 4.5 percent stake was sold to elf aquitaine's fingestval unit.

7188
hospital costs rising despite closings, study says.
boston university researchers presenting a study showing that hospital closures and increased competition have not reduced massachusetts ' hospital costs over the past decade.
, older population or other demographic factors, according to alan sager, boston university professor of health services and co-author of the biggest percentage gap since 1985.

8969
cost-cutting in new york and london, a boom in india.
banks are now exporting data-intensive jobs from higher up the food chain to cities.
joel perlman, president of copal, pointing toward a team behind an opaque glass wall.

346
yen firms on repatriation of japanese capital.
by mid-morning, the dollar had fallen to 121.20 yen from 121.80 late on wednesday.
fallen to 121.20 yen from 121.80 late on wednesday and 120.91 overnight in tokyo.

4458
japan's transport minister says u.s. sanctions violate treaty eds : ams ; recasts and updates throughout with new quotes, details ;.
transportation minister calls the move `` regrettable ''
japan-u.s. treaty of friendship, commerce and navigation.

7546
ways of wall street : this number does n't a market make (repeat).
treasury bonds got thumped today, largely on the basis of one statistic.
30-year government bond fell about $ 20 for each $ 1,000 in face value.

5682
u.s. fed chief : community banks in good health but their real-estate loans bear watching.
rapid growth in commercial real-estate loans made by community banks bears watching.
lax standards that contributed to savings and loan crisis two decades ago, he said.

11063
south africa presses ahead with land reform.
south african government announced expropriation had agreed to sell his 500 hectare farm at a price of 2 million rand.
contention last year when agriculture and land affairs minister thoko didiza issued him with a notice of expropriation.

7212
orlando's hardaway much of the team's magic.
o'neal is the premier player of the '90s.
penny) hardaway, the outside looking in.

1295
new zealand pm reshuffles cabinet, hints at september election.
new zealand prime minister helen clark announced a cabinet reshuffle.
delaying major changes until after an election she is expected to win.

7228
for elderly couple, life is up a creek.
it's a 140-foot-long, 3-foot-wide, pump-driven, pump-driven creek built from scratch by a couple of kids with a vision.
ellis ' yard in woodland hills, plastic-lined, pump-driven creek built from scratch by a couple of kids with a vision.

8506
fed holds rates steady and expresses concern about jobs.
the federal reserve retains its cautious outlook for the economy.
funds rate at its current low levels `` for a considerable period.

6850
2 teens accused in homeless man's slaying.
dashorn washington and jamel robinson were remanded in custody.
adults on charges of murder and criminal possession of a weapon.

437
powell has `` chance '' of success if israel cooperates, jordanian pm says.
jordanian prime minister ali abu ragheb says `` there is a chance '' us secretary of state.
abu ragheb told a press conference after talks here with egyptian president hosni mubarak.

11152
china welcomes dutch bidding for beijing olympics-related projects.
china welcomed dutch participation in bid for urban infrastructure.
olympic committee, at his residence villa eikenhorst in wassenaar.

11194
4th ld-writhru-china exclusive : warm winter a factor in china's trade surplus in jan.-feb. period.
yang was in guangzhou, capital of south china, for the chinese import and export commodities fair.
chinese import and export commodities fair, the chinese businesses to export summer garments early.

9066
give china a gold star for spectacular games.
beijing will have to live up to the loftiest of standards in 2012.
venues organization, and hospitality, these games were unmatched.

7278
eastern european focus : polish state bank sales face delays.
sketching new plans to protect more than $ 400 million western nations.
polish finance ministry's banking and financial institutions department.

8004
bush challenges clinton-gore record on the environment.
bush proposed spending $ 3.75 billion in federal money over five years to repair.
outdoors, which he extolled from the wooded banks of a salmon-filled river here.

3473
clinton meets nkorea's kim, delivers obama message : state media.
former us president bill clinton met north korean leader kim jong-il.
highest-profile visit by an american to pyongyang for nearly a decade.

6451
low-profile activities to mark president's 1st anniversary.
president chen shui-bian is planning to invite media executives and editors-in-chief.
trip will series of low-profile activities to mark chen's first anniversary in office.

8035
atlanta forgotten, greene and jones win gold.
marion jones failed to qualify for the u.s. track and field trials.
, greene told himself, `` this will never happen again without me.

10080
british princess royal anne to visit cambodia.
royal anne of britain will pay an official visit to cambodia from april 30 to may 4, 2002.
royal audience by king norodom sihanouk and queen monineath sihanouk at the royal palace.

2782
zimbabwe-india test close of play score.
b. taylor c dravid b pathan 4.
h. streak c gambhir b pathan 0.

10149
domestic news items from xinhua -- sept. 4 (1).
wwf joins hands with central china in wetland protection.
recast) invention to turn teeth into ears for employees.

8548
former aggie says team has lost its ` mystique '.
former aggie says team has lost its ` mystique '
for use by new york times news service clients.

1195
death toll in china landslide rises to 34.
death toll from landslide in southwest china's guizhou province rose to 34.
ten people missing after the disaster, which occurred early friday, it said.

6925
the big story : 5 ships to watch for.
many of the liners premiering will set sail with more than 3,000 passengers.
destination, '' says lauraday kelley of alexandria, va.-based vacation.com.

10198
major news items in leading israeli newspapers.
jerusalem police foiled a plot by three young east jerusalem residents.
jerusalem residents to poison food and drink at the city's cafe rimon.

6466
mayor departs for hong kong en route to beijing for uclg meeting.
taichung mayor jason hu left for hong kong monday for an overnight layover on his way to beijing.
uclg meetings are inter-city conferences aimed at promoting mutual cooperation in urban affairs.

7624
gomen nasai : japan refuses to translate ` sorry ' into english.
these days soliven is the publisher of a philippine newspaper.
soliven gets angry about japan's selective memory of history.

1473
kuwaiti islamic groups go on defensive as liberals step up pressure by omar hasan.
islamic groups in kuwait have gone on the defensive as liberals step up calls for a clampdown on fundamentalists.
normally peaceful oil-rich emirate after the first gunfights broke out on january 10, killing two police officers.

5518
bomb wounds four nato peacekeepers patrolling a northern afghan city.
four foreign soldiers and two civilians were wounded, officials say.
stockholm has about 90 military personnel in the 12,000-strong force.

1402
more than 1,600 dead, 4,000 missing after thai tidal waves.
almost 4,100 people are officially listed as missing and 1,657.
number of missing is a huge jump on previous estimates of 1,500.

7625
gomen nasai : japan refuses to translate ` sorry ' into english.
these days soliven is the publisher of a philippine newspaper.
soliven gets angry about japan's selective memory of history.

7640
gomen nasai : japan refuses to translate ` sorry ' into english.
these days soliven is the publisher of a philippine newspaper.
soliven gets angry about japan's selective memory of history.

3845
football : everton complete distin deal.
everton signed sylvain distin from portsmouth for an undisclosed fee.
agreed a three-year contract after passing a medical at goodison park.

1056
vw expects abu dhabi to take stake by early october.
german car giant volkswagen said it expected to take a stake to 10 percent in its share capital by the beginning of october.
vw chairman bernd pischetsrieder made in france on friday and his remarks were confirmed by a company spokesman in wolfsburg.

11426
2nd ld-writethru-china exclusive : missing russian canoeist found alive in xinjiang.
the man was walking along the upper reaches of the yurungkax river, in xinjiang uygur autonomous region when chinese and russian rescuers spotted him from the air
alexander zverev upper reaches of a section of the yurungkax river, in xinjiang uygur autonomous region when chinese and russian rescuers spotted him from the air.

7346
at a critical time, departures and delays weaken the sec.
for the first time in its 61-year history, the government agency responsible for safeguarding trillions of dollars of investors ' money.
securities industry, voting on whether to take enforcement actions against companies believed to have violated federal securities laws.

10391
israel begins dismantling illegal settlement outposts.
israeli army began dismantling unauthorized settlement outposts in west bank.
provoking some 100 settlers, who were protesting several hundreds meters away.

8632
death, misery are officers ' new beats.
detective eric baehr turned to face his partner, dimitri ikonitski.
, baehr and turned to face his partner, officer dimitri ikonitski.

6015
japan in no rush to reopen its market to u.s. beef, officials say.
health minister jiro kawasaki says u.s. officials failed to provide enough information.
quell tokyo's concerns over american beef, which has been banned in japan since january.

4644
retransmitting for all needing tuesday, nov. 4.
cardinal wolsey is arrested as traitor.
first stage in protestant reformation.

9262
reshuffling gm won ' t solve the problem.
gm announced the 2009 cadillac escalade platinum hybrid.
get it, and never will get it was evident late last week.

1731
us business visit to northern cyprus draw ire of greek cypriots attention - recasts, adds details \/ \/ \/.
us business people arrived in the breakaway turkish statelet on the divided island.
greek cypriots, who want to see the greek cypriots towards a settlement in cyprus.

7383
dole's plea to hollywood is in spirit of liberty.
a judge would spend over 50 years on the federal bench.
summoned 51 years ago _ in new york city's central park.

3156
football : scottish premier league table.
celtic 21 3 points behind celtic.
inverness ct 21 5 2 14 20 37 17.

828
thai premier confirms plan to buy stake in liverpool fc (adds quotes, background).
thai premier thaksin shinawatra confirmed he was seeking to buy at least 30 percent of liverpool.
club representatives) will meet me at 4:30 pm (0930 gmt) at government house about the purchase.

839
australian government fine tunes family friendly pre-election budget.
the australian government will launch an offensive to win back the support of voters later tuesday.
a new flat-rate maternity benefit widely reported to be valued at around 3,000 dollars per mother.

9324
results at european short-course swimming (2).
daniel malek, czech republic, 28.33 5.
patrick schmollinger, austria, 28.21 3.

10508
hang seng china enterprises index up.
hong kong's hang seng china enterprises index rose 3.52 points.
hang seng mainland composite index declined 2.15 points, or 0.

3229
britain insists on ` special relationship ' with obama.
british prime minister gordon brown vows to strengthen the traditional `` special relationship ''
, appears keen to downplay suggestions of a race among european leaders to meet the new us leader.

4929
iraqi move seen as effort to rob u.s. of support.
iraq is considering its offer of unfettered u.n. weapons inspections.
latest example of a greater iraqi diplomatic sophistication of late.

9418
sudanese, zambian presidents talk over sudan.
bashir said his government is working to implement federal system government.
zambia should be furnished adequate information about the conflict in sudan.

7679
first chicago, nbd to create one of top 10 u.s. banks (update6).
first chicago corp. and nbd bancorp inc. of detroit agreed to merge.
venerable first national bank of chicago name, which dates to 1863.

6235
flamboyant canadian businessman and theater impresario ed mirvish dies at 92.
ed mirvish, a prominent theater impresario and canadian businessman, died wednesday.
died early wednesday morning in a toronto hospital, his family said in a statement.

7690
operas in search of a second hearing.
the pattern is unmistakable : a new opera is commissioned and years are spent writing it.
sets are built, costumes are created, and artists learn their parts, all at great expense.

10531
philippine govt : no truce with rebels until peace talks.
the philippine government troops would not stop its military operations against the rebel moro islamic liberation front.
weekend called on milf leadership to stop followers from carrying out bombing plots if it wants peace talks to proceed.

2757
angola may soon be declared free of ebola-like marburg virus.
angola may be declared free of the marburg virus in three weeks.
190 miles) north of luanda, including stepping up surveillance.

5821
baugh pilots west indies `` a '' to four-wicket win.
carlton baugh hit a 71 with four sixes to lead west indies.
home team to target of 183 for six with 10 overs to spare.

1128
international concern at rwanda military intervention in dr congo.
international concern was growing after rwandan president announced that his country's troops will launch an operation in pursuit of rwandan hutu rebels.
au), seen late wednesday by afp, kagame wrote that he hoped the operation would not last longer than two weeks and that it would only target the rebels.

5589
kevin costner sues ascendant pictures for $ 8 million.
kevin costner sued ascendant pictures, claiming the company broke an oral agreement to pay him $ 8 million to act.
filed tuesday in superior court alleges costner and ascendant agreed in december 2004 on pay and movie royalties.

6668
house gop begins effort to rewrite crime bill (washn).
the new republican majority in the house passed the first of seven measures that together will rewrite one of the last congress : the anti-crime bill of 1994.
revising major portions of crime bill that squeezed through congress last summer after one of the most divisive and bitterly partisan debates in recent memory.

2539
dutch nuclear plant to stay open for 20 more years.
plant at borssele in south-west holland began commercial operations in october 1973.
452-megawatt pressurized water reactor, which contested by environmentalist groups.

987
china brands policies of taiwan's chen biggest threat to peace (adds quotes on taiwan independence, us role).
china branded taiwan president chen shui-bian's policies the `` greatest threat to peace ''
ministry's statement came on mainland, was sworn in for a second term as taiwan's president.

4166
monetary committee discusses lira reentry in currency grid eds ; updates with meeting adjourned until sunday, picks up 3rd.
european union officials failed to reach a breakthrough saturday on terms.
eu finance ministers and central banks governors will join the talks sunday.

3447
football : african champions league results.
kano pillars (ngr) 3 (victor namo 19), 32, moses ogaga 89.
, moses ogaga 89) al-merreikh (sud) 1 (endurance idahor 58).

6074
ireland ' s navy, coast guard search cork shoreline in record cocaine find.
the smugglers appeared to have abandoned three sports utility vehicles.
, estimated to exceed 1.5 tons and euro105 million (us$ 145 million).

7406
anne ratner, patron of musicians, 90.
ms. ratner was born in russia and reared in brooklyn.
showcases living room of her riverside drive apartment.

2940
russia to discuss gas crisis with eu thursday.
russia will hold talks with eu and eu commmission on gas crisis.
miller, in a statement broadcast on rolling news channel vesti 24.

1735
seven arrested over massive n. ireland bank raid attention - adds details, background \/ \/ \/.
police found around two million euros at an apartment in cork.
2.9 million pounds, believed to be britain's biggest-ever heist.

3355
football : english premier league results.
click here for all the latest chelsea news.
chelsea 2 (kalou 58, 81) middlesbrough 0.

8748
film industry loses two filmmakers who changed the way the world watched movies.
death this week claimed two of the world's most influential filmmakers in as many days.
range of subject matter and approaches thought suitable for movies, they were titans.

6698
you can do it yourself -- hide the gray or go bold for less.
in 1993, 43 million american women colored hair, up 7 million from 1991 figures.
women colored a baby boomer sees her first gray hair their hair do so at home.

5188
back injury could force olajuwon to retire.
toronto coach lenny wilkens expects decision from olajuwon soon.
toronto raptors are awaiting a decision on whether he will retire.

96
extreme right wins key french election by sonia wolf.
front candidate catherine megret won the vote with 52.48 percent for outgoing socialist mayor jean-jacques anglade.
, front number two leader bruno megret, fought an aggressive campaign on an anti-immigration, anti-corruption ticket.

6707
isabella hoffman : rising fast in the `` homicide '' ranks (hollywood).
her `` homicide : life on the street '' gets promoted to captain over her mentor.
roommate : real-life love and co-star daniel baldwin, who good ol' boy beau felton.

3578
wife of twitter ceo ` tweets ' delivery.
the pregnant wife of twitter chief executive evan williams delivered updates on the delivery of their son on tuesday.
second-to-last room, '' she `` tweeted '' early tuesday, followed several hours later by : `` epidural, yes please.

10791
ukraine-china cooperation has great potential : fm.
ukraine and china are cooperative partners of each other, share great potential in their cooperation.
chinese leaders on bilateral relations and international issues of common concern during his visit.

153
norway condemns death sentence against salman rushdie.
norway condemns the fact that the iranian authorities have refused to lift the fatwa.
godal called on other countries to practice a more restrictive policy towards iran.

4699
navy prepares for war exercises on vieques while protests fizzle in wake of sept. 11 attacks.
exercises include ship-to-shore and air-to-ground maneuvers.
prized bombing range on vieques for more than six decades.

7812
at yale, an investment commitment yields steady results.
david swenson directs the investment of the university's endowment portfolio.
, investment income added $ 3 billion, while gifts added another $ 350 million.

8329
art review : bruegel the elder explains it all for you.
we could all do worse right than to lose ourselves for a while in the metropolitan museum of art's show of drawings and prints by bruegel.
lived in rough and crazy times, but beauty, his work reminds us, makes comforting order out of almost everything it comes into contact with.

7813
win-starved tapani relishes taste of victory.
tapani enjoyed the taste of victory for first time since june 8.
meal he made out of boston's hitters in an 8-3 win at fenway park.

3874
tennis : us open results - women's singles - 4th update.
victoria azarenka's bt sport beat bt alexandra dulgheru.
victoria azarenka (blr x8) bt patricia mayr (aut) 6-1.

10887
rutto answers the kenyan call at world junior athletics championships.
the iaaf world junior championships had not been one to remember for kenya's men until ronald kipchumba rutto on saturday.
800m, 1500m or 10,000 m gold medals - events which kenyans have won on numerous occasions in the past - all going elsewhere.

8941
uncovering five hidden treasures in italy for sunday, aug. 10.
the turn-of-the-century palazzo is in the rural village of piazze, and offers eight rooms and one suite.
elegant yet homey locanda toscanini, a newly restored bed and breakfast halfway between rome and florence.

7827
russia's acting central bank chief plans to remain all summer.
russian central bank tatyana paramonova plans to remain in office through summer recess.
acting governor failed to garner enough votes in duma to win confirmation in her post.

8951
nothing to lament in finely acted ' elegy '.
ben kingsley and penelope cruz have done their part here.
adaptation of a philip roth novel ever committed to screen.

4034
rushdie visits, amid heavy security and embarrassment eds : will be updated from second rushdie news conference, time.
`` i admit it has been a horrible week, '' prime minister rasmussen says.
coming to denmark to receive the european union's aristeion literary prize.

3519
baseball : matsuzaka's goal is to return this season for red sox.
boston red sox pitcher daisuke matsuzaka conducted throwing exercises wednesday.
major league baseball disabled list june 21 but has been training at the playoffs.

8962
nationwide ' thunder ' boycott in the works.
a coalition of disabilities groups is expected to call for a national boycott of the film `` tropic thunder ''
film directed by ben stiller, is set for release on wednesday by paramount pictures and its dreamworks unit.

6120
u.n. chief warns that progress in kosovo could '' unravel '' if its future status isn ' t decided.
u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon warns of progress towards democracy in kosovo.
unacceptable, or engage in further negotiations to try to win moscow's support.

8423
rating agencies to take closer look at corporate accounting.
largest rating agencies are planning to include evaluations of accounting policies in credit reports.
disclosure by companies and their auditors than new regulations and legislation, some accountants said.

11041
one or two candidates for vietnamese party general secretary post likely : report.
delegates to the ongoing 10th national congress of the communist party of vietnam (cpv) may be allowed.
10th tenure) will decide it, '' he said, noting that there could be another candidate at younger age.

7536
serb rockets blast sarajevo tv center, apartment building.
makeshift bosnian serb rockets ripped through this besieged capital wednesday.
electronic rocket blew out three floors of a tall apartment building nearby.

3775
sri lanka eyes peace dividend after crushing tigers.
conflict-torn sri lanka is banking on foreign cash to rebuild infrastructure.
chinthaka ranasinghe, head of research at john keells stock brokers in colombo.

2387
japanese official denies guerrillas demand ransom for old soldiers by mynardo macaraig = (picture) = attention - repetition, adds muslim rebels offer their help \/ \/ \/.
japanese embassy official says guerrillas had demanded a ransom for two former world war ii.
attache, shuhei ogawa, told reporters when questioned about a report in a tokyo newspaper.

4040
minister's wife arrested, scandal spreads to politicians.
wife park sung-ae was arrested shortly after midnight.
wife, park sung-ae, was arrested shortly after midnight.

4219
mother teresa too weak for angiogram eds : recasts throughout with new quotes, details.
`` slight improvement '' did not change her condition from unstable.
, medical director of calcutta's b.m. birla heart research center.

1548
foreign terror suspects take britain to european court.
gareth pierce is a lawyer for detainees at london's high security belmarsh prison.
gareth pierce, a lawyer for detainees at london's high security belmarsh prison.

11073
fed says economy expands, inflation pressure grows from energy prices.
the u.s. economy was growing solidly in the spring but rising energy costs and tighter labor markets were adding pressures on inflation.
selling prices but having mixed success, with price increases generally either smaller than the cost increases or less widespread, ''.

5935
new zealand finance minister says deep recession unlikely.
finance minister michael cullen says he does n't believe new zealand will experience a significant recession.
1997 through 1999, '' when new zealand experienced a recession precipitated by asian economic crisis, he added.

7877
japan's meeting with foreign analysts fails to calm (update1).
ministry of finance fears about bad loans at japanese lenders.
-rrb- ltd. `` there was nothing surprising in what was said.

11084
agencies to resume repatriation of sudanese refugees from kenya.
the international organization for migration would resume repatriation of thousands of sudanese.
kakuma camp, in northwest kenya to their homes in sudan's upper nile, unity and jonglei provinces.

11085
new york transit union leader gets early release from jail.
transit union leader roger toussaint was released friday morning.
toussaint began serving his sentence reduced for good behavior.

1138
for bhopal gas victims, compensation is too little, too late by elizabeth roche.
twenty years after a lethal gas leak in this central indian town killed at least 15,000 people.
methyl isocyanate gas that leaked from the union carbide pesticide plant on december 3, 1984.

8501
bomb set off near chechen border kills 2.
a terrorist drove a heavy truck up to a regional headquarters of the russian security police a few miles from chechnya.
holding of a chechen presidential election scheduled for oct. 5 have been responsible for a series of terror attacks.

5469
four guerrillas killed in heavy hezbollah-israeli border fighting.
the fighting monday was the first major cross-border conflict in five months.
hezbollah guerrillas fired truck-mounted rockets at israeli army positions.

11127
cypriot baghdatis wins first match in tennis davis cup.
marcos baghdatis beat finnish juho paukku 6-3, 7-6 on friday.
tennis event in niocisa, against finland from april 6 to 8.

6419
domestic financial institutions need to merge : banker.
benny hu, president of the china development industrial bank, made the remarks when he spoke at a seminar sponsored by the taiwan research institute on the current
taiwan research institute on current situation of financial holding companies in the united states and japan and the future development of taiwan's financial sector.

8512
budget : home improvement questions and answers.
questions about home-repair problems should be addressed to bernard gladstone.
patience and a blow torch might loosen that tough nut (comes with illustration).

8517
more broken wrists suggests less calcium.
researchers studied wrist fractures among adolescents now and 30 years ago.
wrist injuries had increased, especially among girls 8-11 and boys 11-14.

1780
fifty-nine killed when bangladesh ferry capsizes in cyclone by helen rowe = (pictures) = attention - updates death toll, adds shipping minister comments \/ \/ \/.
fifty-nine people were killed and 100 were missing after a ferry capsized near bangladesh.
thousands of distraught relatives toll saying up to 500 people could have been on board.

480
chinese president leaves germany for libya.
chinese president jiang zemin left germany for libya on saturday.
jiang's two-day visit to libya will be in iran from april 17 to 21.

11221
u.s. democrats raise more money in 2007 first quarter.
u.s. national democrats have outpaced their republican rivals in the first three months of an election cycle.
dnc) raised 13.7 million dollars to the democrats ' fundraising gains were most evident at congressional level.

4365
europe nearing limit of integration, says hague eds : 4th graf, adds color at end of speech ; uppicks 4th graf pvs ;.
conservative leader william hague says europe is nearing the limit of integration.
germans and he has to do it all in english, '' hague, 36, told applauding delegates.

6458
legislator criticizes government's double-dealing on nuke plant issue.
the site of the partially completed plant in kungliao, taipei county last thursday.
resumption of construction on nuclear plant feb. 14, work has not actually restarted.

525
british inflation rises to 2.3 percent in march.
british inflation edged up when underlying consumer prices rose by 2.3 percent in february.
underlying consumer prices rose by 2.3 percent year-on-year, official figures showed tuesday.

1331
un mission not against dr congo troop deployment in east.
un mission in the democratic republic of congo said it was not opposed to kinshasa's deployment of troops.
patrick colas des francs, head of planning for the un force, known by the acronym monuc, told reporters.

561
four skiers missing in french alpine avalanche.
a block of ice broke off early saturday near the grands mulets refuge.
grands mulets refuge at an altitude of about 4,000 metres (13,200 feet).

7600
suez head worms unlikely to survive board meeting (update1).
gerard worms will face an onslaught from company's major shareholders.
suez declined to comment on worms ' fate ahead of the board meeting.

2108
north korea urged to stop provocation, get back to talks by charles whelan = (graphic) =.
south korea joined the united states thursday to rescue diplomacy.
nuclear reactor and planned to reprocess them to make nuclear bombs.

2305
eu-iran nuclear talks in geneva risk deadlock : iranian negotiator by siavosh ghazi attention - repetition to fix byline \/ \/ \/.
foreign ministers of britain, france and germany meet here wednesday.
ali agha mohammadi, one of the iranian negotiators currently in geneva.

5741
u.s. envoys lament failure of azerbaijani-armenia talks over disputed enclave ; warn of war.
u.s. envoys on tuesday lamented armenia and azerbaijan's failure to reach agreement.
for military action, let me say this _ it really would be a catastrophe for each side.

8056
-lrb- for use by new york times news service clients).
we 're told people ages 18 to 24 have strong opinions about the presidential election.
bat when it is reported only half of the 800 young adults surveyed said they would vote.

1070
world track cycling championship results - collated.
collated results from the fourth day of the world track cycling championships.
-rrb- 31, belem guerrero mendez (ita) 31, belem guerrero mendez (mex) 30, 4.

1836
slocum seeks to defend his first pga title in tucson.
heath slocum will seek to defend his first pga title against an under-strength field.
baddeley had a chance to force a playoff on the final hole, but missed a six-foot putt.

5078
white house praises blair for iraq remarks, dossier.
the white house calls britain's dossier of evidence against iraq `` frightening ''
blair report showed today, '' president george w. bush said after a cabinet meeting.

1661
the 1100 gmt economics news advisory.
the 12-nation eurozone's economy grew by 2.0 percent last year.
12-nation eurozone's economy grew by 2.0 percent last year ,.

11308
iran warns u.s. not to launch military attack.
if the u.s. attacks iran, they can not predict `` the volume of our response ''
oil flow look like at that time, general rahim yahya safavi was quoted as saying.

5979
italian minister to ask cabinet to grant asylum to afghan who converted to christianity.
government appeared likely on wednesday to grant asylum to an afghan man.
pisanu is from premier silvio berlusconi's conservative forza italia party.

2140
three more die in fresh anti-us protests in afghanistan attention - inserts ngo building torched, details, background \/ \/ \/.
at least three more people were killed and 21 injured during fresh anti-us protests.
others including three policemen were injured in demonstrations today, '' he said.

4612
police increase security following bomb blasts in new delhi ap photo del101.
sniffer dogs looked for bombs after a series of blasts killed six people.
hindu festival of lights that is celerbated across ther nation on thursday.

3146
cricket : bangladesh v sri lanka one-day scoreboard.
tamim iqbal b sangakkara b kulasekara 18.
junaid siddique c sangakkara b maharoof 13.

10267
highlights of major beijing-based newspapers -- sept. 20.
the relationship between china and the united states has recently seen sound development.
dprk), foreign ministry spokesman kong quan said here thursday at regular press conference.

8120
cowboys hope dunn does n't replay last year's game.
warrick dunn quit running at raymond james stadium.
cowboys stands 5 feet 9 inches and weighs 180 pounds.

3219
tennis : australian open results - day two, 2nd update.
denis istomin (uzb) bt vincent spadea (usa) 6-2.
gbr x4) bt vincent spadea (usa) 6-2, 7-5, 6-4.

7649
spanish jobless figures fall for fifth month in june (update2).
unemployment rate fell to 15.67 percent from 15.86 percent in may.
national employment institute down by 1.22 percent to 2.429 million.

6549
immigration agency computer failure causes security lapse.
a failure of the national immigration agency's computer system at taiwan taoyuan international airport from early monday caused not only long queues.
nia) director - general hsieh li-kung arrived at the airport monday afternoon and stayed for 20 minutes to express concern over the system failure.

1822
florida prosecutor arrested after running naked into wrong car.
albert tasker of the local state prosecutor's office told police he had been drinking with friends and thought it would be funny to take off his clothes and
parking lot friends and thought it would be funny to take off his clothes and run to a friend's car in the parking lot, according to the florida keys citizen.

2986
key points of gaza truce draft agreed by arab, western ministers.
the compromise draft resolution on a truce agreed by western and arab foreign ministers.
throughout gaza of humanitarian assistance, including of food, fuel and medical treatment.

3978
islamic jihad planned to explode truck bomb at tel aviv tower.
israeli security sources confirm the report.
warnings about islamic jihad attack on israel.

10435
british un ambassador appointed special representative to iraq.
jeremy greenstock appointed as britain's special representative to iraq.
us-appointed chief administrator paul bremer, the downing street said.

1396
deputy provincial governor found dead in iraq rebel bastion.
deputy governor muyad marwan al-ithawi had been kidnapped tuesday morning.
60 miles) west of baghdad, the source said, asking not to be identified.

2173
indian kashmir photographers stage silent march to protest police beating = (picture) =.
photographers working for international and indian media protest in indian kashmir.
smashing a photographer's camera with a gun in srinagar, summer capital of the state.

3910
italy secures evacuation of europeans trapped in zairian town.
ninety europeans trapped by fighting in rwanda received safe passage to rwanda.
foreigners were mostly roman catholic missionaries, along with a few aid workers.

3545
one dead, four missing as typhoon morakot slams taiwan.
one person was killed and four were missing in taiwan.
national fire agency, which coordinates rescue work.

8181
in his kingdom, sun always shines.
`` walt : the myth, '' a documentary about walt disney to celebrate the 100th anniversary of his birth.
appearing this sunday on abc, a disney-owned television network, a sunny, homogenized version of reality.

6023
manchester united wo n't renew quinton fortune's contract.
quinton fortune will be released by manchester united when his contract expires this summer.
28-year-old south african international has missed most of this season with a knee injury.

10488
ugandan president promises to boost war campaign against rebels.
ugandan president yoweri museveni has said he would be going back to the north in one month to resume supervision.
lra rebel leader joseph kony crossed into uganda from the sudan saturday night, according to local media on tuesday.

10489
majority of hiv positive african adults are women : official.
about 58 percent of hiv positive adults in africa are women, a senior official says.
pattern of infection showed that women and girls were more vulnerable to hiv than men.

4487
hamas founder calls time out on attacks against israel by nicolas b. tatro.
hamas says militants have halted attacks on israel for the time being.
israelis still continue their attacks against palestinian civilians.

6234
german woman kidnapped in iraq freed, but son still held.
hannelore krause, 61, and her adult son, sinan, disappeared on feb. 6.
krause, 61, and her adult son, sinan, disappeared in iraq on feb. 6.

1908
key points in burundi's new constitution.
the president will be elected by universal suffrage and shall serve a maximum of two terms except in the first vote.
national assembly composed of at least 100 members shall have 60-percent hutu and 40-percent tutsi representation.

8236
tighter security along mexican border dampening local economies.
mcallen, texas, traffic congestion at border crossings with mexico, canada and mexico.
effect on local economies was apparent, especially here in this booming border town.

9349
saudi arabia ousts china to reach top four.
saudi's victory has completed an all-west-asian semifinals in 12-team continental tournament.
fifth minute and peng weiguo's goal on a sliding shot at the boxline some 10 minutes later.

5802
u.s. man executed for 1994 shooting death.
patrick moody, 39, was executed at central prison for the sept. 16, 1994, slaying of donnie robbins.
patrick moody, 39 executed by injection at central prison for the 16, 1994, slaying of donnie robbins.

4275
government aviation firm to lay off 150,000 workers.
the state-owned firm aviation industries of china plans to cut 150,000 jobs by the year 2000.
still nascent aviation industry requires only about 200,000 people for aircraft production.

8696
fashion week gives plenty of choices for longoria, other stars desperate to make a statement.
`` desperate housewives '' became television's biggest hit.
now longoria has a front-row seat at major fashion shows.

6053
arizona governor signs bill seeking to stem the hiring of illegal immigrants.
arizona governor has signed bill banning people from hiring illegal immigrants.
republican-controlled legislature to create state-imposed employer sanctions.

8700
attn. : fla.. mccardell trying to prove he still has game.
you are with your fifth nfl team, currently the san diego chargers.
your adversary on occasion is domonique foxworth or darrent williams.

2032
verdict expected sunday for briton held in dubai for taking codeine.
tracy wilkinson, 44, `` appeared in court this morning, but no judgement was made ''
tracy wilkinson, 44, `` appeared in court this morning, but no judgement was made.

7721
bosnia lets refugees leave camp but 20,000 others are missing.
u.n. officials say about 20,000 other srebrenica refugees were unaccounted for.
yuri shishayev, a u.n. spokesman in tuzla, 45 miles northeast of srebrenica.

3727
us warns libya on treatment of lockerbie bomber.
the united states says its treatment of freed lockerbie bomber abdelbaset ali mohmet would have a serious impact on its drive to rehabilitate ties with washington.
megrahi, freed by scotland on compassionate grounds on wednesday, should be under house arrest, he was given a triumphant reception in libya after flying home to die.

3568
china freed 1,200 in tibet unrest, holds 700 over xinjiang.
china has released more than 1,200 detainees held over the unrest in tibet.
un hearing in geneva into china's record on eliminating racial discrimination.

9471
ramos calls for calm, unity among filipinos.
president fidel ramos calls on all sectors for calm and unity.
nation will continue on its course to economic development.

3353
baseball : royals sign pitcher grienke to four-year extension.
the kansas city royals signed righthanded hurler to a four-year contract extension on monday.
, 25, is coming off a breakout season in which we went 13-10 with a 3.47 era in 32 starts.

3010
cricket : west indies win toss, bowl first in new zealand odi.
the west indies won the toss and opted to bowl first in a must-win fourth one - day cricket international.
third match to level the series, have been forced into four changes and have a green look to their top order.

8323
for the love of country, go out and buy an auto.
perhaps no other industry in our country has such a domino effect on our economy.
, seat belts, dash panels, carpet or floor mats _ all supplied by smaller companies.

1392
germany doubles asia emergency funds, sends relief workers (adds details).
germany doubled emergency aid to two million euros tuesday for regions in southern asia devastated by giant sea surges.
thw federal disaster relief organization with sniffer dogs had left for phuket to help with victim recovery efforts.

5440
suicide attacks on mosques, hotel kill scores in iraq.
iraqi police have arrested four people in connection with the suicide bombing.
largely kurdish town, about 140 kilometers (90 miles) northeast of baghdad.

6097
notorious agent of pinochet ' s security services dies in prison.
osvaldo romo was a symbol of torture and repression under gen. augusto pinochet.
romo died of heart and respiratory problems, the national corrections service said.

6711
naacp officials seek lawmakers ' support on issues (washn).
their goal is to secure commitments from legislators on several issues they considered crucial to minorities : fair welfare reform.
stopping a balanced budget amendment, support for affirmative action programs and approving dr. henry foster as surgeon general.

6271
indiana wins record fifth straight in wnba.
reserve guard tan white scored 16 points to lead the indiana fever.
whitmore scored 12 points and anna deforge added 11 for indiana.

6299
dixon takes nashville pole ahead of franchitti.
scott dixon edged dario franchitti to take the pole for the firestone 200 on friday.
trails franchitti by 47 points heading into saturday's race at nashville superspeedway.

8806
select hospitals would reap medicare windfall under child health bill.
house of representatives has quietly funneled hundreds of millions of dollars to specific hospitals and health care providers.
, sits on green bay, straddling said between wisconsin and the upper peninsula of michigan, more than 200 miles north of chicago.

2725
bush looks for ` new hope, ' ` justice ' as new orleans rebuilding begins attention - recasts \/ \/ \/.
us president george w. bush pledges `` new hope '' for poor neighborhoods.
land of equality and decency, '' bush said in his weekly radio address.

6327
bush and polish president defend missile-defense system for europe.
president geore w. bush and polish president lech kaczynski defended plans.
missile-defense plan a `` symbol of our desire to work for peace and security.

7097
advanced micro stock is pounded on delay of new chip.
shares in advanced micro devices inc. dropped sharply after company's disclosure late on monday.
advanced micro shares dropped $ 3.25, to close at $ 33.50 in new york stock exchange trading.

7099
enjoyment of competition keeps lewis on fast track.
carl lewis sat high in memorial stadium stands friday morning.
relay teams, politely asked the university of houston was to run.

3877
tennis : us open results - women's singles - 4th update.
victoria azarenka's bt sport beat bt alexandra dulgheru.
victoria azarenka (blr x8) bt patricia mayr (ukr) 6-1, 6-2.

1233
macau casino magnate ho awarded french honor.
the award recognized ho's significant contribution to the promotion of trade and culture.
first foreign venture to take advantage of recently-relaxed overseas investment rules.

7824
un strike forces dig in to protect sarajevo access route.
british and french forces dug their computerized artillery pieces into firing positions.
route un convoys use to reach sarajevo and to deter and avenge any attacks on un personnel.

10926
investment in water conservation increasing in yangtze river valley.
the yangtze water conservancy projects last year.
approved 9,189 water conservancy projects last year.

10959
japan, eu, us, major target markets for textile exports from shanghai port.
60 percent of them were delivered to japan, europe and the united states.
anti-dumping lawsuits and rigid environmental protection requirements.

9687
highlights of diplomatic news today (1).
jiang zemin meets new zealand pm chinese president jiang zemin.
, adding that bilateral beneficial cooperation has good prospects.

267
us dollar ends slightly higher against mark, yen in singapore.
the dollar closed at 1.6870 marks and 123.00 yen after opening at the 1.6860 and 122.70 levels.
122.70 and 122.70 levels, according to rates provided by the banque nationale de paris here.

4843
mamiit shocks schalken in brasil open.
cecil mamiit of the united states stunned u.s. open semifinalist sjeng schalken 6-3, 7-6 (6) on wednesday.
monica seles made her debut with a 7-5, 6-1 win over tina pisnik of slovenia to advance to the quarterfinals.

5664
germany expects up to 1.5 million guests at world cup, official says.
germany expects 1.5 million guests at this summer's world cup finals.
3.6 million) `` national service and friendliness campaign '' last year.

280
albania's president launches scathing attack against opposition.
president sali berisha touring albania in the wake of public unrest.
crisis brought on by the recent collapse of fraudulent savings schemes.

8401
in reversal, daschle says he will not run for president in 2004.
tom daschle says he would not seek the democratic nomination for president in 2004.
daschle's decision, announced in a statement, startled democrats and potential rivals.

3460
georgia refugees adapt to life in settlement camps.
only 35 kilometres apart, the refugee settlements of tserovani and khurvaleti.
homes solidly built and equipped with running water, electricity and natural gas.

2154
african finance ministers brainstorm on millennium development goals.
some 20 ministers and five governors of central africa were among the delegates.
millennium development goals in africa, which aim to halve extreme poverty by 2015.

315
malaysia's petronas, britain's bp chemicals tie-up for acetic acid plant.
malaysia's national oil company petroliam nasional bhd. said it had tied up with britain's bp chemicals.
feedstock to manufacture raw materials for fiber, plastic resins, pharmaceutical and agrochemical products.

4447
mir crew to watch a training film in preparation for space walk by anna dolgov.
the two russian cosmonauts are to spend 51\/2 hours on monday in the depressurized spektr module, which was punctured.
russian cosmonauts module, which was punctured when a cargo ship slammed into it during a practice docking in july.

9837
china to have master of public administration degrees.
china will have master of public administration (mpa) degrees in addition to business administration.
mpa program is a major avenue for cultivating professionals specializing in public administration.

8475
veteran lobbyist from texas has crucial role of selling bush 's.
he said he was `` bitten by the political bug '' during an internship with u.s. rep. bill archer.
nation can eliminate taxes on stock dividends at a cost of $ 364 billion over the next decade.

358
officials warn of growing domestic narcotics problem in cambodia.
cambodia, a major transhipment point for illicit narcotics, will face a spiralling domestic drug problem.
, now cambodian people are using drugs, '' said general teng savong, deputy director of the national police.

9856
china meet denmark first time in uber cup final.
ge fei and gu jun kept the fast rhythm when they sweat little to conquer eliza nathanael and deyana lomban 15-9.
ge fei and gu jun, we 'd expected to play denmark in the final game even before the start of the competition.

5462
u.n. report says aids epidemic growing in russia, ukraine, uzbekistan.
the rate of hiv infection increased sharply in eastern europe and central asia.
asian nation of uzbekistan also saw a dramatic spike in hiv infection rates.

7206
rockies top mets, 11-9, in 14 innings.
colorado's new stadium, coors field, got their money's worth.
stadium, on wednesday night, these fans got their money's worth.

8480
study : skills training helps alzheimer's caregivers cope.
researchers evaluating effectiveness of resources for alzheimer's caregiver hea.
effectiveness of a caregiver intervention across racial, ethnic and cultural lines.

5923
death toll in northern chinese coal mine flood rises to 23.
the flood swept through the fanjiashan coal mine in linxin, a county in shanxi province.
each year, thousands of workers are killed in china's mines, the world's most deadly.

1950
us, japanese fms call on china to bring north korea back to talks.
us secretary of state condoleezza rice and her japanese counterpart, nobutaka machimura.
hardline communist state's nuclear arms programs, machimura told reporters after the talks.

3598
iraq aims to ban dual citizenship for top officials.
the bill would apply to the president, prime minister, speaker of parliament.
key ministers and army and police commanders, dabbagh said in a statement.

8492
who gains from fall river's pain ?.
in 1991, the unemployment rate was 19 percent, second only to cleveland.
, according to lambert, a former state representative and mayor since 1995.

7576
u.s. purchasing managers june index falls to 45.7 (update2).
national association of purchasing management said its manufacturing index fell to 45.7.
napm report runs counter to some other reports that point to a strengthening economy.

3202
china's tibet celebration sparks anger from exiles.
china's communist leaders prepared for a series of sensitive tibetan anniversaries.
1959 uprising occurred and further riots erupted in tibet's capital, lhasa, last year.

7578
` little women ' were n't, despite being sisters.
poet sonia sanchez revealed she 'd been inspired by the independent jo.
woman writer on planet wax poetic when i read their adventures as a child.

5479
investigators of ireland's 1974 car-bomb attacks pledge to finish probe in january.
investigators looking into unsolved 1974 car-bomb attacks.
gone beyond its original six-month deadline of nov. 14.

11187
china enterprises index down 1.55 pct -- april 16.
the h-shares index was initiated in august 1994 and readjusted on march 12, 2007.
h-shares index moved up 243.85 points, or 1.97 percent, to close at 12,636.18.

4462
dunhill cup results eds : updates with later matches.
jean van de velde, france, marc farry, sweden, sweden and sweden.
australia 2, taiwan 1 hseih yu-shu, taiwan, 76 at second extra hole.

5707
u.s. consumers concerned about economy, own financial fate.
the rbc cash index, based on results from the international polling firm ipsos.
striking out, either, '' said richard yamarone, economist at argus research.

2823
japan open table tennis results 1st update.
wang liqin (chn) 12-10 (ger) 12-10, 9-11, 7-11, 7-11.
-rrb- bt yoon jae-young (ger) 12-10, 9-11, 11-9, 7-11 ,.

4748
asian share prices tumble on worries about u.s. economy.
the barometer for asia's main stock market tumbled amid renewed doubts about the american economy that threaten to derail japan's shaky export-dependent recovery.
jitters sent share prices downward elsewhere in the region, but european bourses opened later in the day with major indexes rising moderately in early trading.

488
saudi, kuwaiti stocks surge on q1 results and despite mideast tension.
saudi and kuwaiti stock markets surged in what amounted to a positive week for arab stocks.
eight arab markets made gains, two dropped slightly while two others remained unchanged.

1330
us economy grows 4.0 percent in third quarter (adds data).
the us economy rebounded at an upwardly revised 4.0 percent annual pace in the third quarter of 2004.
consumer spending, which surged at a 5.1-percent pace after growth of 1.6 percent in the second quarter.

2776
five us soldiers killed in iraq attention - updates toll \/ \/ \/.
the deaths come on top of four us security agents killed in a suicide car bombing.
45 kilometres) north of baghdad, a statement said, without providing further details.

8046
maui's village of hana a breathtaking stop.
the last rental cars pull out of hana, the unpretentious little village on the hawaiian island of maui.
infamous hana highway it hana ceases to be a midday tourist refueling stop and regains its truer identity.

4374
urgent argentine plane crashes in uruguay after diverting storm.
the plane, belonging to the argentine company, austral, last made contact.
45 miles) southeast of the town of gualeguaychu in entre rios province.

4107
adb approves loans to china, vietnam.
the asian development bank approved two loans worth dlrs 350 million for road projects in china.
120-mile) expressway linking the cities of shenyang and jinzhou in china's liaoning province.

2828
japan open table tennis collated results.
wang liqin (chn) 12-10 (ger) 12-10, 9-11, 7-11, 7-11.
-rrb- bt yoon jae-young (ger) 12-10, 9-11, 11-9, 7-11 ,.

10156
australia not asked to join in us attack against iraq : hill.
australian defense minister robert hill says u.s. has not yet asked australia for military assistance.
saying '' un weapons inspectors ' requests, `` the whole atmosphere of this thing would change overnight.

2075
turkey dowplays possible retrial of kurdish rebel leader.
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul sought to play down an upcoming ruling.
gul told journalists during a visit to bucharest, anatolia news agency reported.

8563
editorial : iran's nuclear menace.
board of the international atomic energy agency failed to agree on how best to deter iran from developing nuclear weapons.
international atomic energy agency failed to agree last week on how best to deter iran from developing nuclear weapons.

4872
angelina jolie donates aid for western sahara refugees.
she gave the money to unhcr and the world food program.
231 calories a day unless it receives new donations.

1906
chirac arrives in french town to host franco-polish summit.
president jacques chirac arrived in northern french town of arras early monday.
arras is situated in a region large polish community, estimated at 500,000 people.

10199
arroyo tells new afp chief to modernize military doctrine.
philippine president gloria macapagal-arroyo directed the new armed forces of philippines.
paf), succeeded general roy cimatu, who retires after 36 years in the military service.

2438
tear gas fired as kashmiri shiites mourn iraq deaths, force shutdowns = (picture) =.
police fired tear gas as hundreds of muslims poured on to the streets of indian kashmir.
batons to disperse agitated shiite muslims in several parts of the summer capital srinagar.

11300
1st ld-writethru : bromine leakage affects more than 160 people in southwest china.
more than 160 people were hospitalized after inhaling bromine vapor.
observation but they are all in a stable condition, doctors said.

1005
yemeni president to attending g8 summit next month, meet annan beforehand.
yemeni president ali abdullah saleh will attend the group of eight summit.
president george w. bush pushes his greater middle east democracy initiative.

638
bulgaria's markov wins men's 77kg european title.
bulgaria won the men's 77kg category at the european weightlifting championships.
markov, took silver with 362.5 kg while mehmet yilmaz of turkey came third with 360.

6000
cambodian opposition presses for independent investigation of grenade attack.
cambodia's opposition party renewed their demand for a serious and independent investigation.
sam rainsy had filed a lawsuit accusing prime minister hun sen of being behind the attack.

2167
` star wars ' film may zap us economy for 627 million dollars.
`` star wars '' film will cost us employers as much as 627 million dollars in lost productivity.
grand finale in this 28-year journey, '' said john challenger, chief executive officer of the firm.

682
british expert team arrives in jericho to inspect prison.
an afp reporter saw the team arrive tuesday afternoon from ramallah.
pflp) accused of killing an israeli minister, as well as two other men.

2576
mahathir sacked anwar to prevent malaysia having ` gay ' pm.
former prime minister mahathir mohamad said he was forced to sack his one-time protege anwar ibrahim.
mahathir defended his actions and maintained that anwar was guilty of sodomy, a crime in malaysia.

9171
day after a big win, 10-point first half dooms st. john ' s.
the 10-point half set a tournament record for offensive futility.
eagles led, 38-10, after a dreadful first half by st. john 's.

7648
sports commentary : it's a brave bid for forgiveness.
let's say your woman is a no-good, two-timin ', honky-tonkin ' woman.
table is set with fine china, good wine and chateaubriand for two.

10359
new york times top editors resign following plagiarism scandals.
joseph lelyveld retired as paper's executive editor when raines took over in september 2001.
breaks my heart, '' times publisher arthur sulzberger said at a meeting thursday morning.

5550
war protesters pack up and leave campsite near president george w. bush's ranch.
about 200 people participated in the protest, which coincided with bush's thanksgiving visit.
demonstration led by activist cindy sheehan, whose son casey was killed in iraq last year.

10363
major news items in leading egyptian newspapers.
egypt's foreign minister says the summits of sharm el-sheikh and aqaba were considered a real chance for peace.
ahmed maher asserted on thursday the summits of sharm el-sheikh and aqaba were considered a real chance for peace.

8603
rehnquist dies at 80, leaving 2nd supreme court vacancy.
chief justice william h. rehnquist died saturday night of the cancer he had battled for nearly a year.
kathleen arburg, rehnquist, 80, had died at his home in arlington, va., surrounded by his three children.

3905
west indies arrive for australian tour eds : updates with quotes.
west indies first defeat in 30 test series dating back to 1980.
tourists were confident and that he has set himself several goals.

7656
director chris columbus on ` nine months ' and hugh grant's scandal.
hugh grant says he can imagine worse scenarios than being caught with a streetwalker.
hollywood salaries are high enough to eliminate crabbiness or brooding, he thinks.

1397
us boosts tsunami aid to 35 million dollars ; says it's not ` stingy '.
the united states pledged another 20 million dollars in aid for the asian tusnami disaster.
catastrophe that has claimed 55,000 lives and would likely require billions of dollars in aid.

11457
germany roar into women's world cup final with 3-0 win over norway (updated with quotes).
defending champions germany won a 1995 final rematch against norway.
title let norway have chance to score and that gave us some confidence.

8180
fellow flight student recalls time with man sought by fbi.
the fbi is searching for information related to atta.
on small planes at huffman aviation in venice last year.

4257
german ex-diplomat wins indian prize for helping lepers.
he quit the diplomatic service to help leprosy and polio patients.
prize carries a cash award of 10 million rupees (dlrs 285,714).

5095
cardinals deal diamondbacks their fifth straight loss.
luis gonzalez would miss the playoffs, falling to st. louis 3-2 tuesday.
cardinals kept arizona's magic number for clinching a playoff berth at one.

6019
leader of japan's biggest opposition party steps down over e-mail scandal.
japan's biggest opposition party resigned friday over a scandal surrounding an e-mail falsely accusing a ruling party leader's son of financial links.
democratic party of japan leader seiji maehara and his lieutenants ' resignations were the latest blow to the long-ruling liberal democratic party.

1790
juve's old lady bids to stay on her legs in madrid by phil minshull.
real madrid and juventus will both be aiming to put behind them this weekend.
spanish giants in december, going down 2-0 to athletic bilbao on saturday.

4655
hometown dismayed by verdict, vows to fight on in her defense eds : recasts ; updates with new quotes, donations, prayer service ,.
`` we looked on america as our very close neighbor, yet their system has entirely failed louise ''
hazel mayamba_kasongo, 41, a prominent supporter in this small north england town where louise lived.

7659
` nine months ' simply does not deliver.
samuel faulkner (grant) is a san francisco child psychologist.
a forgettable comedy that works way too hard at being cute.

6033
public backlash follows israeli president ' s plea bargain.
the plea bargain between prosecutors and moshe katsav would allow the disgraced former president to confess to lesser counts of sexual harassment and receive a suspended sentence.
bargain forced him between prosecutors and moshe katsav, allow the disgraced former president to confess to lesser counts of sexual harassment and receive a suspended sentence.

9306
juppe to sell thomson in two phases : report.
french prime minister alain juppe will sell the debt-burdened state enterprise in two phases.
electronic giant, thomson multimedia (tmm), will be sold in a second phase later, he said.

6049
in turkey, alleged killers of ethnic armenian journalist go on trial.
hrant dink was gunned down jan. 19 and his killing led to international condemnation and debate within turkey about free speech.
dink was gunned down on jan. 19 and his killing led to international condemnation and debate within turkey about free speech.

8256
law enforcement officials seeking senior bin laden operative.
law enforcement officials are searching for an older man who may have played an organizing role in the terrorist attacks on the world trade center.
witnesses in at least two states reported seeing a man with salt-and-pepper hair visit the suspected hijackers in the months before the attacks.

7682
bank employees enthusiastic about stock-option plan.
38,000 workers at chemical banking corp. became a little wealthier wednesday.
rich, keisha fergus, head teller at a chemical branch near pennsylvania station.

8257
new czech forward is dilemma for kings.
the los angeles kings ' third pick in last june's draft was a great skater, who could take the hits in front of the net.
los angeles kings ' third pick in last june's draft, was a great skater, who could take the hits in front of the net.

4799
trade center survivor charging dlrs 911 for two-hour interview ; had appeared on magazine cover.
he said he will talk about the experience with reporters only for a fee.
fine, who owns an investment and public relations firm in new jersey.

6072
ap interview : benazir bhutto vows to return to pakistan, but unsure of democracy prospects.
if bhutto were to politics in pakistan, she would stand up to militants, he says.
willingness of gen. pervez musharraf's government to give in to her party's demands.

5851
australia into men's basketball final.
jason smith scored 18 points and luke kendall added 16 points.
favorites early, trailing by just four points at halftime, 50-46.

7050
country's largest theological seminary endangered by ideologues.
the 87-year-old southwestern theological seminary in fort worth is a texas treasure.
87-year-old southwestern baptist theological seminary in fort worth is a texas treasure.

10588
arafat : state on 2005 more realistic.
palestinian leader yasser arafat stated on saturday that establishing an independent palestinian state is more than realistic.
arafat's statements came in response to us president george w. bush's statements voicing skepticism about the years 1998 and 1999.

7065
just how unpredictable is live television ? regis philbin knows.
regis philbin and cristina ferrare, who was filling in during.
regis philbin and cristina ferrare, who filling in during.

6675
ban on illegal-immigrant college students blocked (san francisco).
a superior court judge issued a preliminary injunction wednesday preventing california from enforcing the measure's provisions.
ruling by san francisco superior court judge stuart r. pollak leaves all the initiatives ' major provisions blocked pending trials.

3735
philippine stocks tipped to seek direction abroad next week.
composite index shed 129.83 points, or 4.5 percent, over the week to close at 2,720.18.
64.84 million dollars) a consolidation mode, '' astro del castillo of first grade holdings.

10708
pakistan donates 35 trucks to afghanistan.
foreign secretary riaz khokhar handed over trucks to afghan ambassador.
riaz khokhar handed over the trucks to afghan ambassador nanguyalai tarzai.

4828
indonesian terror suspect, now cleared, angry at united states for detaining him.
the 31-year-old unemployed architect remains angry at washington.
31-year-old unemployed architect remains angry at washington.

5611
norwegian town funds research by offering moose adoptions.
township wildlife officials wanted to put radio tracking collars on 25 moose.
helge sines, head of forestry for vegaarshei township in southern norway.

8762
the toughest word bush has left : veto.
nor the spending bills and the children's health insurance bill.
public approval rating, veto is the strongest word he's got.

8770
book revisits old debate : the role of art in schools.
when two researchers published a study a few years ago concluding that arts classes do not improve students ' overall academic performance.
harvard graduate school of education -- had failed to mention some beneficial effects of arts classes that their research had revealed.

5871
us police : teen believed to be missing had been confined to house for years.
tanya nicole kach, 24, was reunited with her family this week.
tanya nicole kach, now 24, was reunited with her family this week.

6712
gabriel commentary : beyond the fashions lie the frustrations.
after years in newsrooms, i am surrounded by members of my own sex.
trappings of a male preserve, i am surrounded by members of my own sex.

118
preparatory talks with rebels on ` general ' issues : fujimori.
direct talks between the peruvian government and leftist rebels holding hostages.
nhk) in london before the first direct talks in over a month started in lima.

8791
convicted sex offender using registry list to sell products.
gregory carter was released from colorado prison on felony sex assault, weapons and bribery charges.
registered citizens network to provide services to other sex offenders, using public lists to find them.

1848
seven more killed as violence worsens in thai south by anusak konglang = (pictures) = attention - updates with seventh murder, adds rights group criticism \/ \/ \/.
police sergeant adul wansu, 50, was gunned down at a market in chanae district in narathiwat thursday.
insurgents detonated their first car bomb just hours after the premier ended a tour of the region.

4973
iraqi forces moved to civilian areas ; shift seen as precaution against surprise us attack with bc-us-iraq.
the movement of forces was alluded to donald h. rumsfeld on wednesday.
donald h. rumsfeld on wednesday, although he cast it in a different light.

10860
china's first tobacco museum opens in shanghai.
china's first tobacco museum opened in shanghai thursday.
tobacco history, culture and smoking and its control.

3867
setbacks loom for merkel party in general election warm-up.
germany's social democrats hope to wrest two states from polls sunday.
-rrb-, and a flap over a dinner she held for germany's top banker.

2180
abbas arrives in china, says hamas could become part of future government by peter harmsen attention - recasts with abbas quotes \/ \/ \/.
palestinian leader mahmud abbas says hamas would be welcome to july elections.
solve problems politically, there would be no need to resort to military conflict.

7811
bank of boston, corestates scrap plans for merger (repeat).
it was bank of boston's third failure at a merger this year.
company mellon bank corp., investment bankers and analysts said.

7462
right to carry laws : texas vs florida.
florida _ state issues permits to carry handguns, knives, stun guns, tear gas and billies.
state issues permits to carry handguns, knives, stun guns and billies, a type of club.

10866
us official reiterates commitment to boost peace in afghanistan.
us deputy secretary of state rechard armitage reiterated the u.s. commitment in boosting peace and security ahead of elections during his one day visit.
nato colleagues are getting pretty good footprints in the reporters here after meeting afghan president hamid karzai and foreign minister abdullah abdullah.

4216
ac milan star fears ban over head-butt.
the ac milan star and 1995 world player of the year could be booted out.
liberian striker for his head-butt attack on fc porto defender jorge costas.

6746
jury selection to begin in polly klaas murder trail (petaluma).
judge turned down requests for gavel-to-gavel coverage on television and radio.
judge turned down all requests for gavel-to-gavel coverage on television and radio.

6355
some indonesian cities see calm again.
medan, the scene of intense rioting last week in which shops were looted and burned and dozens of cars torched.
relative calm on sunday and monday, which many attributed to the public holiday, students remained defiant.

1738
bush : us to back israel against iranian threat by jerome bernard attention - recast, adds detail, quotes \/ \/ \/.
president george w. bush says the united states would back israel if it were threatened by iran.
should everybody, '' bush told a press conference after naming a new national intelligence director.

1511
un war crimes prosecutor hopes croatian fugitive will be arrested soon.
she hoped a retired croatian general sought by the un tribunal would be arrested soon.
voluntary surrender of retired general ante gotovina but that did not materialize.

250
den danske bank raises net profits slightly despite operating fall.
danish bank den danske bank reported a slight increase in net profits to 3.65 billion kroner despite and 11-percent fall in operating profits in 1996.
, satisfactory '' but said that costs were unlikely to fall in 1997 and said it was not sure that a low level of loan loss provisions could be maintained.

2470
patients finally pulled out of top new orleans hospital attention - recasts with evacuation complete \/ \/ \/.
three terminally ill patients died on the way up to baton rouge, 75 miles from new orleans.
terminally ill patients died on to baton rouge, 75 miles said 100 kilometres) from new orleans.

7829
polygram first-half net up 15 % at 270 mln guilders (update1).
the dutch music recording and film company said it earned 270 million guilders ($ 174 million) a year ago.
174 million), or 1.50 guilders per share, up from 234 million guilders a year ago, or 1.30 guilders per share.

7485
judge in philip morris cigarette case allows discovery process.
judge okla jones ii of the u.s. district court issued a ruling allowing plaintiffs ' lawyers to prepare their case against the tobacco companies.
tobacco companies including philip morris, rjr nabisco holdings corp., brooke group ltd., ust corp., and b.a.t industries plc and their subsidiaries.

4442
o'meara, leonard fear road hole eds : recaps previous ; will be updated with thursday's play.
the americans have been grouped with england, argentina and japan.
, 461-yard) road hole, there have been only 44 birdies and 634 bogeys.

11008
english second division soccer league results.
brighton & hove albion lost to sheffield wednesday.
brighton & hove albion lost to sheffield wednesday 0-2.

7531
westinghouse shares fall on forecast of lower 2nd-qtr earnings.
westinghouse earned $ 75 million, or 16 cents a share, in second quarter of 1994.
westinghouse earned $ 75 million, or 16 cents a share, in the second quarter of 1994.

8444
for release wednesday ams, january 22, 2003.
boston globe plans to move following stories for use by nytimes news service clients.
purchase of budgeted graphics or photos please call 212-556-4204 or 888-603-1036.

2814
scott and goosen spark internationals to presidents cup lead by jim slater = (pictures) =.
adam scott and retief goosen dumped tiger woods and fred couples 4 and 3.
alternate-shot) match inspired captain gary player's team to success.

11049
vietnam reports 600 mln smuggled cigarette packs each year.
some 600 million cigarette packs have been smuggled into vietnam every year.
imposes 55-percent consumption tax and 10-percent value-added tax on cigarettes.

7210
study says unintended pregnancies are a problem with adults, too.
the institute called for a broad national campaign to give women of all ages.
research aimed at developing new contraceptive methods for men and women.

1134
fletcher honored for coaching england back to top.
zimbabwean-born fletcher was inducted into britain's coaching hall of fame.
mussabini medal from princess anne at a ceremony in london on thursday.

3787
iraq and syria recall envoys over bombing claims.
iraq and syria recalled their envoys tuesday, deepening a diplomatic crisis.
weak under former iraqi dictator saddam hussein but had recently been improving.

6372
taiwan seen to export more steel to chinese mainland.
the chinese mainland has become the most important export market for taiwan steel.
important export market of neighboring countries which have a surplus of steel supply.

6374
australia has second highest number of shareholders.
more than 5.5 million australians have invested as shareholders.
exchange managing director richard humphry told reporters on monday.

4570
iraqi leadership refers u.n. security council resolution to.
the iraqi leadership decided friday to refer a u.n. resolution on disarmament inspections.
blockade lifted, chaired by president saddam hussein, the official iraqi news agency reported.

1274
bosnian fm resigns after criticism over war crimes.
bosnia's foreign minister stepped down saturday after international sanctions.
ivanic quit only a day after that of bosnian serb prime minister dragan mikerevic.

3129
tennis : dementieva crushes serena to reach sydney final.
russian elena dementieva extends her winning streak to nine matches.
top seed no way out in reeling off a 6-3, 6-1 win in 68 minutes.

5698
gold, silver rise on crude's climb.
gold and other precious metals recovered from a steep sell-off wednesday.
2.70 to $ 547 an ounce, while may silver added 12.5 cents to $ 9.97 an ounce.

2217
briggs, adamek clash for vacant wbc light heavyweight title.
australian paul briggs takes on poland's tomasz adamek.
chicago bulls national basketball association team.

9079
government health plans helped turn tide in 2007.
the number of americans without health insurance dropped by more than a million.
included data on income and poverty, did not seen at 5.7 percent and rising.

11239
results of turkish grand prix motorcycling.
the turkish grand prix is the third event of the season.
casey stoner, australia, ducati 42 minutes 02.850 seconds 2.

2702
danish police recover rembrandt stolen in sweden, arrest four by slim allagui = (picture) = attention - updates with direct sources, quotes, background \/ \/ \/.
copenhagen police arrested four men on the evening of thursday, september 16.
-rrb- painting to a potential buyer in a copenhagen hotel, '' a police statement.

4370
bordeaux, france (ap) - leading scores friday after the second.
adam hunter and gary orr, scotland 65-73, 138.
santiago luna and jose rivero, spain 64-74 -- 135.

9084
god ' s home gets rehab, and japan sneaks peek.
izumo's main shrine was moved to a temporary shrine in april.
before a once-in-a-lifetime open house of sorts was held.

5302
bryant's wife pregnant with second child.
kobe bryant and his wife are expecting the couple's second child in may.
27-year-old bryant is beginning his 10th season with the los angeles lakers.

553
kazakh, croatian leaders discuss trade, adriatic oil pipeline.
kazakhstan's president nursultan nazarbayev talks with croatian counterpart.
aims to provide a transport corridor to deliver oil from russia to adriatic sea.

3139
football : pompey in bid for pennant.
liverpool have accepted an undisclosed bid for out-of-favour jermaine pennant.
pennant, who cost liverpool 6.7 million pounds when he wants to stay at liverpool.

2791
israeli army completes pullout from west bank settlements.
the army left the settlements of ganim and kadim.
rabbi shlomo amar said afp photographer said.

6165
beard leads mystics rally in fourth quarter, beat sky.
alana beard's 25 points and seven rebounds helped washington rally from a double-digit deficit.
monique currie also scored 16 points for washington (6-12 won for fourth time in six games.

4881
indonesian terror suspect, now cleared, angry at us for detaining him.
the 31-year-old unemployed architect remains angry at washington.
31-year-old unemployed architect remains angry at washington.

8091
as princeton changes, a black community fears for future.
albert hinds ' earliest recollections are sunk into a single city block a century past.
witherspoon street school for colored children, '' recounted hinds, who turns 100 in april.

2751
singapore maintains 2005 growth target despite higher oil prices.
singapore is maintaining its economic growth target of 3.5-4.5 percent this year.
impact on singapore has so far been relatively muted, '' lim told parliament.

11317
2nd ld : chinese president, australian pm hold talks on all-round cooperation.
hu jintao and australian prime minister john howard held talks thursday.
leaders also pledged to enhance mutual trust and deepen cooperation.

4774
israel refuses permission for 13 palestinian lawmakers to travel to parliamentary session.
israeli authorities will not allow 13 palestinian lawmakers to leave the gaza strip.
often resorted to video-conferencing and telephone calls to discuss legislation.

648
trial opens of 11 civil servants over egypt train tragedy.
the 11 accused, civil servants of the railroad authority, were present in the dock at the opening of trial.
death of 361 people and loses of 1.6 million egyptian pounds '' (400,000 dollars), according to the indictment.

1583
un human rights experts call for return to democracy in nepal.
nine un human rights experts express deep concern at king gyanendra's seizure.
human rights defenders, journalists, lawyers and political leaders, '' they added.

4630
truck smashes into bus, killing 11 in pakistan.
five people died instantly in the crash in rawalpindi, pakistan.
eight other injured were reported to be in stable condition.

2793
new zealand shares close 0.55 percent higher.
the benchmark nzsx-50 index rose 18.81 points to 3,426.57 on turnover (104.7 million us).
index rose 18.81 points to 3,426.57 on turnover worth 150 million dollars (104.7 million us).

8591
meeting school siege victims ' kin, putin deflects blame from kremlin.
president vladimir v. putin met friday with relatives of victims of the school siege a year ago in beslan.
three-day siege, which ended in a convulsion of violence that killed 331 people, 186 of them children.

6977
house democrats discard larger debt limit.
house democratic leaders will move the year's final must-pass piece of legislation without a long-term increase to the national debt.
treasury department a two-month extension on its current limit of $ 12.1 trillion, which is expected to be hit by new year's eve.

3393
chinese officials told to cut down on cars, travel : state media.
china has ordered its officials to cut down on expensive cars and overseas travel.
public money is spent and crack down on embezzlement, according to the agency.

11395
jankovic looks forward to the olympics.
jankovic is the currently no. 3 in china.
, jankovic expressed her willingness.

5367
iraqi vice president speaks to u.s. audience of hope for democracy in iraq.
iraqi vice president adel abdul-mahdi discussed goals for his country's elections.
spoke saturday about the legislative elections in iraq that are scheduled for dec. 15.

10360
roundup : indonesia's export goes up in first four months.
indonesia's export of 5.0 billion dollars in april was 1.3 percent lower than that of the previous month.
bps), of the total export, the cumulative non-oil\/gas export in the first four months this year stood at 15.

748
athens bomb attacks not linked to olympics : government.
greek government says it had no indication that three bomb explosions occurred.
, '' greek government spokesman theodoros roussopoulos said in a statement.

6557
new york yankees pitcher donates fund for children in need.
new york yankees pitcher chien-ming wang donated nt$ 5 million (us$ 151,515) sunday to set up a fund aimed at helping disadvantaged children pursue their career dreams
therefore, he decided to first set up a fund for local children who need help to realize their dreams the first 50 online donors will each receive a special gift from him.

11452
major news items in leading new zealand newspapers.
qian xun xue has been reunited with her grandmother.
preparing to meet her sister for the first time.

8645
corporate news, oil send market lower.
sears holdings shares fell $ 7.04 to $ 127.81.
dow's loss reversed two straight winning sessions.

4394
president opens first south american trip with message of shared.
u.s. president bill clinton opened his first trip to south america on sunday.
first stop on a week-long tour that also includes visits to brazil and argentina.

1445
thai death toll from tidal waves at 4,560 including 2,230 foreigners (updates figures).
death toll in thailand's tidal wave disaster rose to 4,560.
krabi had 395 deaths, phuket 281 172, satun six and trang five.

5559
u.s. state department calls zimbabwe senate election a ` nonevent '.
the state department calls zimbabwe's elections for a new senate a `` nonevent ''
won 23 seats and opposition movement for democratic change six, state radio reported.

4255
cambodia's king says poverty, famine could spark peasant revolt by robin mcdowell.
king norodom sihanouk has warned cambodia's leaders that famine and a growing gap between rich and poor will spark a peasant revolt.
-rrb- proletarian revolutionary leaders show themselves, '' the king said in an interview in the monthly royal bulletin, seen wednesday.

9264
series died after becoming too much a soap '' er '' finale is long past due.
`` er '' ends its 35th year on television.
oh, all right, it's actually 15 years.

9278
meeting of foreign donors opens in vietnam.
the group meeting of foreign donors for vietnam opened in hanoi today.
donors pledged a total aid package worth 6.1 billion u.s. dollars.

10438
news items from asia-pacific desk of xinhua (part 2).
sri lanka says reviving peace with tamil rebels challenge.
hka -- hk reported 5th consecutive day of zero sars infection.

4923
chicago tribune columnist met teenager at office while she was working on school project.
bob greene, who resigned after it was disclosed he had a sexual encounter with a teenager.
chicago office was attempting to determine if any complaints were made by greene or about him.

10468
chinese president calls for closer party ties with rok.
chinese president hu jintao said friday that the communist party of china was ready to join with all political parties to promote regional and global peace, stability ,
hu said friendship between countries brought concrete benefits to the two peoples, and actively contributed to regional and global peace, stability and development.

3705
former south korean president kim dae-jung dies.
kim dae-jung survived assassination attempts and a death sentence.
0443 gmt), '' said a spokesman for seoul's severance hospital.

10475
report : milutinovic to coach serbia and montenegro.
bora milutinovic has led five countries to the world cup finals.
serbia-montenegro coach is expected early next week, bulatovic said.

6211
a softer, gentler carnoustie may await.
the winning score was 290 at carnoustie eight years ago.
first round because was narrow fairways and knee-high rough.

7391
japan stocks fall on concern government wo n't spur economy.
the benchmark nikkei 225 index fell as much as 157.08 points.
157.08 points, or 1.07 percent, to 14,503.41, a new 34-month low.

1544
world allround speed skating championships day 2 results.
results from the second day of the world.
speed skating championships here on sunday :.

4794
includes items on martin o'neill ; man city's jon macken ; australian tony vidmar ; west brom's assistant manager frank burrows ; fulham's lee clark.
celtic chairman brian quinn and martin o'neill are ready to sit down.
soon, days rather than weeks, certainly weeks rather than months.

5803
dravid to captain india until 2007 world cup.
rahul dravid will continue to lead the indian cricket team until 2007.
niranjan shah, secretary of board of control for cricket in india.

9439
angolan minister arrives for sadc summit.
angolan minister of construction p. de castro vandunen arrived today.
unita) and of adult members of their immediate families, he said.

963
four arrested over beheading of us businessman in iraq (adds coalition quote).
four people have been arrested over the beheading of us businessman nicholas berg.
bin laden's terror network, days after his body was found in baghdad on may 8.

4801
former supreme court justice nominated as south korea's new prime minister.
kim suk-soo, 50, must be approved by opposition-controlled national assembly.
kim suk-soo, 50, must be approved by the opposition-controlled national assembly.

2718
deutsche post to announce takeover deal for exel monday : report.
deutsche post, the semi-privatised german postal service, is expected to announce a takeover deal.
exel board members are scheduled to meet sunday to agree to the terms of the financial newspaper said.

3429
nigeria police say 36 suspected islamists arrested.
police say they have arrested 36 suspected members of a radical islamist sect.
on july 30, '' according to a statement by abuja police chief haruna john.

3726
american football : bucs defender talib arrested in cab scuffle - report.
aqib talib was charged with simple battery and resisting arrest after allegedly striking a taxi driver.
attack was unprovoked, and sought treatment at a hospital complaining of a lump on his head and a headache.

6670
uncle sam's second mortgage on america (washn).
clinton administration has produced a thin little primer called `` a citizen's guide to the federal budget ''
earn each year and, in turn, how much they can spend on food, shelter, clothing, and perhaps a vacation.

9484
jiang zemin on economic restructuring and development strategy (2).
china will establish highly competitive enterprise groups with trans-regional, inter-trade and trans-national operations.
establish highly competitive large enterprise groups with trans-regional, inter-trade and trans-national operations.

2943
american football : conflicting tales doom case against nfl player.
conflicting accounts of a shooting involving national football league receiver marvin harrison have left prosecutors unable to proceed with criminal charges in the case.
philadelphia district attorney lynne abraham said on tuesday she can not file charges because of `` inherently untrustworthy and sometimes false statements '' from witnesses.

6096
roadside bomb kills 6 canadian soldiers in afghanistan.
a roadside bomb tore through a nato vehicle, killing six canadian soldiers.
deadly blast happened in kandahar province's zhari district, afghan police said.

6701
clinton administration rebuilding military ties to.
the clinton administration has embarked on a year-long round of talks with japan.
military relationship was left to languish and japan would drift on its own.

6702
dole, gramm clash as gop presidential hopefuls gear up (manchester).
texas sen. phil gramm struck the first blow.
gramm appears to be dole's chief rival.

4959
efforts to return wolves and other imperiled species to wild face setbacks from man and animal.
mike miller watched from a rocky bluff as female went down.
dart pierced her hip, its sedative seeping into her bloodstream.

8787
19-year-old confesses in killing of editor.
the man, devaughndre broussard, was arrested friday in a raid of your black muslim bakery in north oakland.
devaughndre broussard, was arrested friday in a raid of the your black muslim bakery in north oakland.

130
london shares higher on firm wall street.
a bigger-than-expected fall in british unemployment in january of 67,800.
ft-se 100 index of leading shares was showing a gain of 8.3 points at 4,312.6.

3255
football : king joins boro on loan.
middlesbrough agreed to sign striker marlon on loan from wigan athletic.
initial months of this season on loan at another premier league side in hull.

1555
tribal renegades threaten to blow up pakistan oil field.
the shadowy baluchistan liberation army said it would strike oil and gas installation.
claiming responsibility for a bomb which ruptured a gas pipeline, also in punjab.

10776
domestic news items from xinhua -- july 2.
highlights of major beijing-based newspapers -- july 2.
drought, heat threaten water supply in south china boomtown.

8831
baseball bat killer could be free in 2 years.
the victim's family decried the punishment and accused the judge of racism.
wielded a bat in an attack that killed jeremy rourke, a 15-year-old white youth.

9524
jewish tombstones destroyed in berlin cemetery.
andreas nahan, chairman of the jewish communities in berlin, speculated this was done by neo-nazis.
andreas nahan, chairman of the jewish communities in berlin, speculated that this was done by neo-nazis.

4199
guerrillas kill israeli-allied militiaman in south lebanon eds : clarifies throughout that jezzine is outside security zone.
hezbollah guerrillas sneaked into a mountain town in southern lebanon.
fneih is 40 kilometers (24 miles) southeast of the lebanese capital beirut.

4328
eds : contains items on elton john and keith richards, michael jackson and nelson mandela, david halberstam, baby tigers, queen.
john disparaged his fellow aging rocker in an interview with foreign journalists.
rocker in an interview with foreign journalists in atlanta, captured on tape sept. 30.

8854
old walnut desk won ' t fit through doors.
dilemma is an example of the handyman's admonition : measure twice, cut once.
narrow stairs other than cutting off two of legs and then regluing them.

7807
news analysis : wilson goes surfing on affirmative-action issue.
few major politicians are better than gov. pete wilson at spotting a cutting-edge issue early in a race.
seeks the 1996 republican presidential nomination, he is getting a good ride on the affirmative action issue.

10881
tillage service shortage to hamper zimbabwe's tobacco industry.
zimbabwe's key foreign-currency would be hampered by the shortage of tillage services.
230 kg of seeds has so far been sold, compared with 107 kg of the same period of last year.

9647
world university games results (2).
cedric leroy, france's cedric points, is a cedric.
tomasz stancyck\/tomasz jakubiak, poland, 38.80 points.

7091
solomon giddy with power after waiting 16 years for chairmanship.
republicans have rammed through most of their agenda, known as the `` contract with america ''
support for his priority issue -- a constitutional amendment making flag-burning a crime.

2419
four police, seven suspected taliban killed in afghanistan gunbattle.
suspected taliban militants attacked police headquarters in unruly southern afghanistan.
seven enemy elements were also killed and three taliban armed men were arrested, '' he added.

5879
eu to talk to neighbors before deciding on sanctions against belarus.
eu foreign ministers likely to impose sanctions on top political leaders in belarus.
eu's current ban covers only half a dozen or so people, but lukashenko is not among them.

3024
tennis : djokovic chases match practice in sydney tourney.
novak djokovic will seek much-needed match practice ahead of australian open title defense.
sydney tournament for extra matches after admitting his late arrival in australia was a mistake.

7148
despite strike, braves ' value up 25 percent.
the atlanta braves climbed 25 percent from a year ago to $ 120 million despite the lengthy baseball strike.
baltimore orioles, which climbed 27 percent in value, according to the annual study by financial world magazine.

6747
new survey highlights dangerous teen habits.
tom cruise played a clean-cut high school senior from the affluent chicago suburbs.
help of a gorgeous blond hooker, turning his upscale home into a bordello for the night.

5458
university teachers, students protest killing of bangladeshi journalist.
about 100 mourners joined the protest at dhaka university.
killing of gautam das, a reporter with daily samakal.

4708
israeli police dealing with possible bomb near former leader barak's home.
israeli radio reported that barak is not in the country.
cochav yair is just along israel's border with the west bank.

8406
germany to lead iraq sanctions panel.
the security council appointed germany to the chairmanship of the committee monitoring economic sanctions.
appointment after chancellor gerhard schroeder said he would not send german troops in case of a war with iraq.

5680
netherlands shows shift to the left in local elections.
elections in part reflect economic discontent, as prime minister jan peter balkenende.
prime minister jan peter balkenende's conservative government cut spending amid a downturn.

9809
northeast china port city to open high-tech park.
dalian, a port city in northeast china's liaoning province, is aiming to develop a high-tech park specializing in info.
dalian is embarking on a `` double-d '' -- digital and dna -- development path, explained xia deren, vice-mayor of the city.

8466
-lrb- for release sunday, jan. 26).
bush banks on patriotic rally for attack in iraq.
banks on patriotic rally for attack on iraq.

7200
guatemalans feel vindicated by court's verdict.
diego was tortured for 15 hours by soldiers who accused him of being a leftist guerrilla.
, diego made his way to northern california, where religious activists helped find him a home.

9880
final spanish first division leading scorers.
the final standings of the leading scorers in the spanish first division for the season.
racing santander) 24 - catanha (malaga), jimmy floyd hasselbaink (atletico madrid).

5032
valentino wins second motogp world title.
valentino rossi navigated a rain-soaked track to win the rio grand prix.
teammate tohru ukawa of japan, the only rivals who had a chance to catch him.

5692
u.s. woman accused of fatally shooting 26-year-old granddaughter.
the 68-year-old shot her granddaughter multiple times with a rifle she reloaded after each shot.
68-year-old simpkins shot her granddaughter multiple times with a rifle she reloaded after each shot.

9027
for release thursday, aug. 21, 2008 the 5:30 challenge.
ann young got creative when she needed to use a package of sliced.
she needed to use a package of sliced baby portobello mushrooms pronto.

6420
philippine police find body of kidnapped taiwan tourist.
police say a body was found in the town of laurel bearing a photocopy of a passport.
chang ming-wen, 38, who had been missing since he was forcibly taken from a taxi jan. 30.

5473
fifa and coca cola extend partnership till 2022.
fifa and coca-cola on tuesday extended their commercial partnership through 2022.
fourth blue chip company to join fifa's top tier of sponsors for the 2007-2014 period.

5263
airbus eyes more sales in asia as new superjumbo tours region.
airbus superjumbo a380 makes maiden test flight out of europe this week.
trip is already off to an inauspicious start even before it begins.

5703
busy day sees teams gear up for playoffs while others give up.
25 trades involving 40 players completed thursday before the league cutoff.
25 trades involving 40 players were completed thursday before the league cutoff.

7267
karadzic's bosnian war : myth melts into madness.
dr. radovan karadzic says the roman emperor caligula once appointed his horse.
horse, '' karadzic said, `` was more of a senator than bosnia is a state.

3603
athletics : iaaf change rules on false starts.
the rules for false starts in athletics were changed on wednesday.
certain delegates had publicly voiced their opposition to it.

1614
english premiership table attention - updates with late match \/ \/ \/.
chelsea 27 21 5 1 68.
chelsea 27 21 5 1 50 8 68.

6882
analysis : strife in somalia could incite radicalism.
ethiopia says it was drawing a line in the sand against religious extremism.
, africa analyst at international crisis group, a conflict-resolution think tank.

7964
column : corporate bonds are an overlooked beauty.
productivity and profits are expected to stay high for the indefinite future.
valuations are high, and indexes of major stocks are near record levels.

10031
xinhua world news summary at 1600 gmt, april 14.
caracas cheered by supporting crowd and escorted by heavy.
venezuelan coast, where he had detained for two days.

5490
britain pressing for measures to protect basking shark, henderson petrel.
both are listed on the world conservation union's schedule of species most at risk of extinction.
endangered on the world conservation union's schedule of species most at risk of extinction.

7582
l.a. looks to fill an nfl void : who can kick start it ?.
if you 're in charlotte, n.c., you agree to pay more than $ 200 million.
worth of tickets even though the nfl had made no firm commitment to the city.

10036
major news items in leading german newspapers.
doutbs have arisen in leadership of opposition union.
spd) franz muentefering got into attack proves to be true.

1237
norway central bank leaves interest rates unchanged.
norwegian central bank decided to leave key sight deposit rate.
output growth, with prospects of firm momentum continuing next year.

10044
leaders of china, mauritius exchange greetings on anniversary of ties.
leaders of china and mauritius exchanged messages of congratulations.
areas attaches great importance to developing its traditionally.

9086
cox state briefs from the convention.
montana gov. brian schweitzer was honored to speak to the florida delegation breakfast on wednesday.
governor of a small state like montana was different from being the governor of a big state like florida.

4864
pentagon sends team to ship that may have radioactive material in cargo ; ship detained off coast of new jersey.
the pentagon sent a team to try to determine if radioactive materials on a ship detained off the coast of new jersey.
ship is believed to have made stops in indonesia, malaysia and egypt, one defense official said on condition of anonymity.

10111
sporting lisbon clinches portuguese premier league title.
sporting lisbon clinched their 18th portuguese premier league title.
72 points, five ahead of second-placed boavista, the defending champions.

8048
a religious revival near an israeli jail.
the prison holds rabbi deri's brother, aryeh deri, the charismatic leader of the strictly orthodox shas party.
a hearty `` amen '' went up from the crowd in a tent set up here in a dusty lot outside maasiyahu prison.

5072
london prepares for 24-hour subway strike.
members of the rail maritime and transport union were to walk out for 24 hours at 8 p.m. (1900 gmt).
beginning at 8 p.m. (1900 gmt) after talks with management aimed at avoiding the action failed.

1904
suspected polio case in eritrea tests negative.
a suspected case of polio in eritrea found on the western border with sudan.
neighboring ethiopia is also borders sudan, reported two cases there on saturday.

5073
miss universe no more : organization yanks crown from miss russia, saying she was too busy.
first runner-up, miss panama justine pasek, 22, was to be crowned tuesday.
she needed to spend a lot of time in russia, '' shugart said on nbc television.

6936
judge awards family $ 100 million in trust violation case.
the 51-year-old venture capitalist and father of three is worth $ 910 million by one estimate.
casts him in a far harsher light, finding that he relied on more than market savvy for his success.

3209
british bank lloyds sees shares plunge by almost 50 percent.
lbg was formed monday after the merger of rivals hbos and lloyds tsb.
formed monday after a major recapitalisation earlier this month.

4119
dollar slips, stocks finish higher eds : updates with closing nikkei, midafternoon dollar, bond prices.
the dollar slipped against the yen at midafternoon wednesday.
current strong bond market does not reflect economic fundamentals.

9114
found in the trash : jug of plutonium.
an old safe buried in a waste trench at the hanford nuclear reservation in washington state has yielded an artifact.
safe with an excavator, was processed at hanford in late 1944 from spent uranium fuel from a reactor at oak ridge, tenn..

639
capriati booted off us team for breaking rules.
jennifer capriati was kicked off the united states federation cup team after america's star player angered her team captain.
jean king announced on friday that capriati would not play in this weekend's 2002 world group first-round encounter with austria.

11349
turkmenistan, china vow to strengthen cooperation.
turkmen president gurbanguly berdymukhamedov says his country will continue to develop relations.
-rrb- led by wang jiarui, head of the international department of the cpc central committee.

9132
lightning has eye on future with 3 trades.
tampa bay sent to maple leafs goalie olie kolzig, defenseman jamie heward (concussion) and minor-league defenseman andy rogers is injured.
tampa bay acquired from the bruins defenseman matt lashoff and right wing martins karsums for mark recchi and a 2010 second-round draft choice.

10251
feature : laid off worker hosts celebrities, statesmen.
yuan zengfu, owner of the dejuyuan public house, has played host to likes of former french president giscard d'estaing, ambassadors of norway and sweden.
pierre morel, former french ambassador to china, called its services `` truly homely '' in a visitors ' book after staying in the 11-room hotel several times.

11360
xinhua, indian media call for further cooperation.
new : tian congming, president of xinhua news agency met here.
tian, during meeting with a delegation of indian women journalists.

2981
obama era expected to end taboo on gays in us military.
obama has pledged to overhaul current law.
president-elect's transition website.

9139
economic crisis takes a toll on flower shows.
the massachusetts horticultural society staged a flower show for its centennial with lavish abandon.
correspondent marveled, noting waterfalls, forests, houses with backyards and a rambling tropical garden.

10318
games roundup : japan tops china 6-5 on day one.
the first full day of asian games competition belonged to china and japan.
deliberately arranged to take place during monday's opening ceremony.

10319
major news items in leading us newspapers.
democrats face an uphill battle to recapture control of the house in november.
, according to party strategists, independent analysts and current polls.

6984
culinary sos : a great match with mahi-mahi.
my husband and i recently ate at opal restaurant in santa barbara.
we tried looking online but could n't find anything we thought similar.

3399
zimbabwe unity govt will help tackle challenges : safrica.
south africa welcomes the zimbabwean opposition's decision to join a government.
south african and major step forward, '' his spokesman said in a statement.

2231
eu hits out at cuba after expulsions.
eu development commissioner louis michel says `` this incident is not acceptable ''
small communist state on thursday soon after arriving to meet with dissidents.

8134
eds. : embargoed for sunday, sept. 9.
by the time you finish this slim volume, the third and final chapter in to sobs.
moisture when you reach a particularly touching toast to a life well lived.

1864
us general says no timeline to hand security over to iraqi control = (pictures) =.
us general says there is no timeline for us troops to hand authority to their iraqi counterparts.
2003 invasion to oust saddam hussein, would be `` event-driven, '' said major general william webster.

2023
baltics say russia must come clean on occupation to build trust.
russia must come clean about the five-decade soviet occupation of the baltic states.
baltic nations but a matter of giving a fair assessment to history, '' he said.

2798
bush urges people to obey hurricane evacuation call attention - adds details, background \/ \/ \/.
president george w. bush urged people in the path of powerful hurricane rita.
, mandatory evacuations have been ordered for new orleans and galveston.

6193
sarkozy tells euro nations france will try to cut debt, but can ' t promise 2010 goal.
french president nicolas sarkozy says he would try to eliminate his country's budget deficit.
rules -- even if france stuck to the spirit of the law by continuing to cut debt at a slower pace.

9192
bombing claimed by taliban kills 4 u.s. soldiers in afghanistan.
the taliban claimed responsibility for the attack, a spokesman says.
taliban have been predicting an increase in violence this year.

9202
six words can tell you all you need to know.
`` six-word memoirs on love & heartbreak '' inspired by ernest hemingway's contention.
paid for it was a big act of love that i did n't recognize for a long, long time.

9229
taxi companies ' hybrids just part of earth-friendly initiatives.
10 percent of its fleet of 400 cabs is made up of the toyota prius.
toyota prius, a gas-electric hybrid efficient on city streets.

2083
bombs kill seven in baghdad as us troops battle insurgents by selwan binni = (pictures) =.
a total of 15 us servicemen were killed between saturday and monday.
military statements, making it one of deadliest periods since the region.

9242
study links student obesity and proximity of schools to fast food.
study marks an intensive effort by economists to determine whether fast food plays a causal role in obesity.
economists to determine whether close geographic proximity to fast food plays a causal role in obesity.

9275
brazilian women undergo sterilization at younger age.
average age for women to get sterilized was 29 as compared with 34 years ago.
survey also showed that adolescents are having children at an early age.

5787
mcnish takes pole for 12 hours of sebring.
alan mcnish took the pole for the 12 hours of sebring, averaging 125.882 mph (202.544 kph) with a lap of 1 minute, 45.83 seconds.
mcnish will team with rinaldo capello and veteran tom kristensen for saturday's opening race in the american le mans series.

811
ecclestone confident for silverstone future by will gray.
bernie ecclestone is confident of finding a promoter for the british grand prix.
promoters interpublic paid ecclestone to get out of their contract earlier this year.

5391
prosecutors ask for suspended sentence for referee.
he admitted taking bribes to fix soccer games and a prison term of two years and 11 months.
prosecution also asked for a two-year prison sentence for another former referee, dominik marks.

3999
evander holyfield's record by the associated press.
ko 1 apr 20 mark rivera, corpus christi, texas ko 2.
ko 5 dec 21 anthony davis, virginia beach, va..

11489
au-un joint envoy condemns attack on au peacekeepers in darfur.
joint special representative of the african union, the united nations for darfur, rodolphe adada.
au mission in sudan) peacekeepers, which i vehemently condemn, '' adada said in a statement.

6025
bush offers iran assistance after quakes despite differences on nuclear program.
u.s. president george w. bush offered assistance friday to earthquake victims.
military provided aid after a devastating quake in southern iran in 2003.

2841
philippoussis likely to score wildcard entry into australian open = (pictures) =.
mark philippoussis is almost certain to gain a wildcard entry to australian open tennis tournament.
philippoussis has dropped to a world ranking of 203 after a year in which he has only won seven matches.

3160
rallying : recent dakar rally winners.
recent dakar rally winners are expected to be announced on saturday.
fra\/mitsubishi) 2007 : stephane peterhansel (fra\/mitsubishi).

5126
an early day for tiger, an empty feeling for fans.
curtis strange wanted his u.s. team to prepare for the ryder cup.
tiger woods and mark calcavecchia teed off at 6:30 a.m. on the belfry.

1202
toll of dead and missing from philippine storms tops 1,400.
relief agencies battled bad weather to deliver supplies into storm.
northeastern coastal towns of real, infanta and general nakar.

9428
china continues political restructuring (3).
the national people's congress (npc), and its standing committee have a final say.
important place for deputies from across the country to exercise their power.

947
nine ex-lucent employees accused of fraud, firm pays 25 million dollars (recasts, adds details).
nine former lucent technologies executives were hit with civil fraud.
civil penalty of 25 million dollars and avoid future violations.

6248
skorea ships oil aid to nkorea for promised nuclear reactor shutdown.
south korea sent a shipload of oil to north korea on thursday.
initial inspection will be completed `` within maybe a month or so.

3559
washington post axes national weekly edition.
post ombudsman andrew alexander said the national weekly edition will cease publication.
, editorials, opinion columns and cartoons from the daily edition of the newspaper.

5415
johnson knows he's shooting for second place.
tony stewart is second for the nascar title.
title automatically will be stewart 's.

970
five iraqis killed, nine wounded in karbala clashes : medics (recasts, updates toll).
five iraqis have been killed and nine wounded in the holy city of karbala.
ali ardawi, chief administrator at the casualty department of karbala hospital.

3672
weak china energy demand could dent oil prices : cges.
weaker chinese energy demand could bring the recent oil price surge to an `` abrupt end ''
past month on increased hopes of economic recovery and soaring chinese crude imports.

9440
chinese, romanian presidents hold talks (1).
china is ready to join romania to lead a sound and comprehensive sino-romanian friendship into the 21st century.
, adding that bilateral relations have been increasingly strengthened in politics, economics, culture, and education.

3072
somalians, eritreans top rising swiss asylum claims.
applications for asylum in eritrea jumped 53.1 percent last year.
eritreans, somalians and nigerians made up the bulk of these migrants.

1576
new era for mideast peace as leaders declare ceasefire by ezzedine said = (pictures) = attention - adds return of ambassadors, sharon invite to abbas \/ \/ \/.
ariel sharon and palestinian leader mahmud abbas ushered in a new era of hope for middle east peace tuesday.
region, both leaders said it was time to end the cycle of bloodshed which has claimed some 4,700 lives.

5860
jewish, muslim, christian peace mission crosses sahara, gets turned away by libyans.
a grueling trek, sponsored by the berlin-based nonprofit group breaking the ice, from jerusalem across the sahara desert climaxed.
humming richard wagner's `` flight of the valkyries, '' convinced the libyans would let them in despite their lack of visas.

19
jakarta to build triple deck road-railway project in july.
indonesian authorities are to start building a 2.4 billion dollar triple-deck road and railway project.
-rrb- elevated train built above a surface road but under a tollway, the antara news agency said.

7059
s.f. police weigh changes in training and tactics.
the shooting of officer jim guelff was the main catalyst in a wide-ranging review of police training and tactics.
, gunman gian luigi ferri burst into a law firm, killed eight people and wounded six others before taking his own life.

1001
buoyant french consumer spending report backs government optimism on growth.
consumer spending rose 1.5 percent from the previous month.
french consumers flocked to clothing and shoe stores.

10689
four people captured on suspicion of involvement in beheading american.
two of the four have been released after interrogation.
were captured during a coalition raid in baghdad.

6089
us dollar mixed, gold up in european morning trading.
euro traded at us$ 1.3622 late tuesday in new york.
british pound traded at us$ 2.0180, down from us$ 651.20.

7410
japan stocks fall on concern about earnings, economy (update1).
`` the market fell on its face, '' says dhia amir, equity trader at nomura securities.
matsushita electric industrial fell 20 to 1,260 and osaka gas fell 9 yen to 315.

72
rescued british yachtsman says endorsements will go to charity.
the proceeds from any product endorsements would go to a naval charity.
endorsing a brand of chocolate sustained him had got out of hand.

2255
thousands protest for democracy, end to royal rule in nepal = (pictures) =.
more than 3,000 demonstrators took to the streets of kathmandu calling for restoration of democracy and an end to royal rule.
nepalese capital sunday evening and were monitored by riot police and security forces in large numbers, witnesses said.

9571
yeltsin meets italian premier in kremlin.
russian president boris yeltsin met visiting italian premier romano prodi.
focused on key international problems, including european security architecture.

10797
megawati, susilo lead vote at polling booths abroad.
indonesian president megawati soekarnoputri and her former chief security minister susilo bambang are dominating the presidential election results coming in from abroad.
contender, people's consultative assembly speaker amien rais, has managed to snatch the lead in several overseas cities, the jakarta post online news service reported tuesday.

7766
microsoft makes a run to be online king of the hill.
the computer industry gathers in boston for a three-day conference on `` interactive ''
floor and work it like a foot pedal, or wave it in the air like a remote control.

10863
nasa to launch spacecraft to study mercury.
the messenger spacecraft is set for launch on a seven - year journey.
messenger spacecraft is set for launch on aug. 2 on a seven - year journey.

6112
german parliament passes the country ' s first anti-doping law to criminalize drug dealing.
german parliament passed the nation's first anti-doping law on thursday.
medication that can be used for doping will be provided with a warning notice.

3281
five killed in pakistan missile strike : security.
a suspected us missile strike killed five people outside a notorious hub of al-qaeda activity.
1210 gmt) and targeted a house, '' said one security official on condition of anonymity.

3457
fiji coup leader stands firm on election delay.
fiji's defiant coup leader rejected mounting international pressure.
commonwealth in two months if it fails to commit to new elections by 2010.

1850
new york marathon silver medallist chepkemei in trouble attention - repetition fixing day in first para \/ \/ \/.
susan chepkemei failed to show up for training ahead of world cross championships.
ak secretary david okeyo at the team's training camp in embu, eastern kenya.

236
us union battles japanese hotel chain by karen lowe.
the afl-cio union says it will back local employees whose battle against the japanese-owned hotel sees as a model for the future of the labor movement.
american federation of labor and congress of industrial organizations (afl-cio) will seek to broaden the 16-month boycott against new otani and garden hotel.

5895
comeback kid among six england fighters in commonwealth games gold medal rounds.
price is a 2.05-meter member of the salisbury boxing club in northwest england, simply as `` the solly ''
super heavyweight fight and drastically behind in points, the 22-year-old english boxer knew what he had to do.

5003
urgent portuguese police arrest india's most wanted man, indian diplomat says.
portuguese police have arrested abu salem, an indian embassy official says.
salem was arrested wednesday on a charge of possessing forged documents, he said.

8370
experts differ on immunity conferred by childhood smallpox.
the newhouse news service report of thursday, january 2, 2003, is available as a ` separate buy '
york times syndicate at 732-390-4480 ; fax, 732-390-4697 ; e-mail, weyded (at) nytimes.com.

6780
search for scapegoats in wake of heat tragedy is under way (chicago).
the alert came from iowa, where ovenlike air was powerful enough to fell tens of thousands of cattle, turkeys and hogs.
alert came from iowa, where ovenlike air was powerful enough to fell tens of thousands of cattle, turkeys, chickens and hogs.

274
china mulls scattering deng's ashes in hong kong.
chinese authorities are considering scattering deng's ashes.
deng wished to visit hong kong after handover, '' the source said.

7184
` dancing on moonlight ' : grim depiction of harlem.
`` dancing on moonlight '' is one of three plays at the public.
audience is reminded time and again, simply `` has to be.

6783
forklore : plants flourish in place of origin.
vavilov's principle named after the botanist nikolai vavilov, who died in a soviet prison camp in 1943 after stalin declared his scientific views politically incorrect.
plants are domesticated by selection from a multitude of wild varieties, and in the native habitat all those wild cousins are still on hand for cross-pollination.

9766
another plane crashes in philippines injuring 3.
light aircraft plunged into sea off southern city of davao on mindanao island.
southern city of davao on davao international airport for a test flight.

11048
results\/standings of french first division soccer league.
following are the results and standings from the ligue 1 matches on sunday.
tabulated under matches played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, against and points).

2134
insurrection in east uzbekistan, islamic trial city epicenter of violence by nick coleman attention - updates with toll, kyrgyz border closed, karimov \/ \/ \/.
insurgents stormed key government buildings and freed 2,000 prisoners.
ru internet site reported, quoting its correspondent in andijan.

5912
pentagon report says iraqis claimed russia provided details of u.s. invasion plan in 2003.
iraqi documents say russian intelligence enabled it to feed information about troop movements.
maria zakharova, spokeswoman for russia's u.n. mission in new york, said the allegations were false.

3962
central african chaos leaves zaire in limbo eds : recaps from previous cycle to correct reference to tutsi-led.
the prime minister has n't surfaced in days.
neighbor to calls for his resignation.

9016
failure to qualify for 1,500 final knocks the wind out of lagat.
he won two olympic medals in the metric mile and was the reigning world champion.
being pushed like this in nearly a decade, not in a semifinal heat of the 1,500 meters.

7570
editorial : the city's disappointing labor deal.
a package of $ 600 million in labor concessions announced hours before the start of a new year.
york mayor rudolph giuliani to proclaim that the city's budget has at last been balanced.

3522
taiwan, china brace for typhoon morakot.
fourteen people were injured in taiwan on friday.
, unleashing powerful winds and heavy rain.

7259
bloomberg forum : ciba sees gains from gatt patent protections.
ciba is the $ 5-billion-a-year u.s. subsidiary of the swiss-based chemical and drug maker.
served, '' ciba chairman and chief executive richard barth told the bloomberg forum.

6436
kelly named u.s. assistant secretary of state for asia-pacific.
u.s. president george w. bush announced his intention to nominate a former reagan official.
, james andrew kelly will become assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs.

11132
market hearsay : ea to buy 19 percent stake in the9.
ea is said to have signed an agreement with the9 ltd. on buying a 19 percent stake.
exclusive right to run ea's casual game fifa online in china, according to the newspaper.

469
degussa set to be sold to mining group rag : report.
degussa, the german specialty chemicals maker, is about to be sold by its majority shareholder on to the mining conglomerate rag's shares in ruhrgas.
stake in ruhrgas is valued at an estimated two billion euros (1.8 billion dollars), but the majority stake in degussa is worth a great deal more, waz said.

7957
bush chides gore over unkept promises.
governor george w. bush could turn the controversy to his advantage.
address a veterans ' convention that gore had decided to skip.

1976
hail the centurions as final test makes record books.
west indies captain shivnarine chanderpaul and dwayne bravo completed hundreds of centuries.
chanderpaul scored 127 and bravo made 107 in a west indies first innings total of 747.

4760
israel clears soldiers in killing of 12 palestinians ; arrests six in gaza.
palestinians express outrage after internal army investigation cleared israeli soldiers.
surrounded deir el balah under cover of machine gun fire, palestinian security officials said.

4231
voters asked to amend constitution, restrict bail rights eds : polls close 2100gmt ; results friday.
the three-party government of prime minister john bruton sought the change following a dozen contract killings.
change following a dozen contract killings in ireland, capped by the murder of a leading crime journalist on june 26.

3632
six dead in gaza clashes between hamas, islamist radicals.
six people were killed and 50 wounded in gaza, emergency services say.
egyptian border, and were continuing after dark, witnesses said.

6465
tiny hakka village blessed with 67 couples with 60 years of marriage.
67 couples living there have celebrated their diamond wedding anniversary.
hakka seniors are intriguing and they made superb models, chen said.

11290
beijing launches massive checkup for product quality, food safety.
beijing will ban unlicensed catering outlets and celebrity-starred medical ads by the end of this year.
kicking off a four-month campaign aimed at improving product quality and food safety on saturday.

6499
cross-strait trade policy could be expanded : vice premier.
tsai made the remarks while delivering a speech on taiwan's current economic situation.
past decade, and this is why taiwan has gone through a period of confusion amid disagreement.

6931
california takes steps to ensure safety of leafy-green crops.
one of the nation's largest produce-industry associations has called for federal regulators to step in.
move is little more than a `` stopgap '' effort and has called for federal regulators to step in.

611
german business climate cools slightly in april.
munich, germany, april 25 (afp) cooled slightly in april.
afp) - the ifo economics research institute showed on thursday.

1558
dollar hits three-month high following greenspan comments, g7 attention - updates with late trading, rates \/ \/ \/.
dealers digested comments from federal reserve chairman alan greenspan.
level since november 3 -- from 1.2866 late on friday in new york.

10248
share prices rise on singapore stock market.
share prices rose on the singapore stock market tuesday.
total volume increased to 398.55 million shares valued at 414.

636
gusmao urges un to remain closely involved in independent east timor by robert holloway.
east timor's president-elect xanana gusmao urges the united nations to remain closely involved.
un administration timor, where about 50,000 remain in refugee camps, subject to militia intimidation.

8573
bush under fire for slow response to katrina crisis.
a political furor intensified on thursday over bush's handling of hurricane katrina.
diane sawyer of abc's `` good morning america '' in the roosevelt room of the white house.

647
three dead, up to six wounded in nevada casino shooting : police.
the shooting happened at a harrah's casino in laughlin, las vegas.
weekend, acknowledging reports of another stabbing or shooting incident.

8096
if oak malady moves east, many trees could die.
a disease that has killed many thousands of trees on the west coast could pose a threat elsewhere.
trick is to avoid spreading it, and because it has multiple pathways, that's not easy to do.

7339
no animals, but lots of roars in store at circus.
`` jump cuts ! the circus goes to the movies '' plays from june 13-18.
, colorful and vibrant show, '' said tandy beal, director and choreographer.

1452
singapore wants doctors to stop selling drugs as population ages.
doctors who offer only consultation services would be able to `` concentrate more on the care ''
benefit moh), k. satku, told the care and counselling of patients, rather than the patients ' benefit.

1883
men's world cup skiing results and standings.
giant slalom and world cup standings are on saturday.
benjamin raich (aut) 2min 24.73 sec (1:13.82 + 1:11.43), 2.

5085
nato-russia training exercise gets underway outside of moscow, according to report.
rescue crews from russia and 13 nato countries began joint exercises on tuesday.
42 miles) east of moscow, as part of nato's partnership for peace program.

4123
olajuwon hospitalized with irregular heartbeat eds : updates with olajuwon still hospitalized ; edits to conform.
houston rockets center hakeem olajuwon remained in the hospital where he had an irregular heartbeat during tuesday night's game against minnesota.
unclear how long olajuwon would remain at methodist hospital, but team officials expected to discuss his prognosis later wednesday at a news conference.

7635
play ball ! find out fast who's on first.
the latest baseball web site is a throwback to the days when western union relayed play-by-play descriptions over the telegraph.
week, instant sports inc. of austin, texas, begins play-by-play coverage of every major league game, updated every minute.

6184
german train drivers ' union calls new walkout in wage dispute.
union representing german train drivers said it would stage a new walkout.
job on tuesday between 8 a.m. and 11 a.m. said 0600gmt and 0900gmt).

9175
turning personal crisis to political advantage.
gov. sarah palin's daughter, bristol, and her boyfriend, levi johnston, have called off their engagement.
, turn it just showed, they suggested, that gov. palin could relate in a real way to real families.

9187
she attacks life, and has strong defense, too.
her world is what she sees through two small holes the size of tightly dollar bills.
cane in a figure eight, gliding its rounded plastic tip over bumps and cracks.

8605
gill likes what he foresees hal gill.
the bruins officially open full training camp a week from tomorrow.
andrew raycroft and pivotal defenseman nick boynton unsigned.

6559
cold spell kills off cultured fish in southern taiwan.
cold spell has caused heavy damage on fish farms in southern taiwan.
farmers had hardly enough time to protect their fish stocks from the cold.

1217
german opposition adopts major security, integration document by lorne cook.
germany's main opposition party adopted on tuesday a central plank of its immigration policy.
cdu) members on the final day of their annual congress in duesseldorf, western germany.

6569
giant panda visitor quota reached for first time.
the 22,000 tickets allotted to the two giant pandas were snapped up within four hours.
visitor number to wednesday's sunshine, which followed two days of rainy and chilly weather.

3326
football : record-breaking united tighten grip on top spot.
manchester united beat west brom 5-0 on tuesday.
title battle is a very tight title battle.

11464
iraq's security, stability important to region, world : iraqi pm.
iraqi prime minister al-maliki says the security and stability of iraq will contribute to the interest.
international community will support iraq and help it achieve goals for a secure, stable and prosperous iraq.

1510
herewith a timeline on the pope's latest health problem.
pope john paul ii was rushed to hospital suffering from respiratory problems.
rundown on developments since the pontiff first appeared ill on sunday.

10476
china unveils urbanization plan for pearl river delta.
south china's guangdong province has formulated plans to build six economically powerful cities.
high-tech personal computers for every 1,000 residents and phone access for all residents.

10478
police in central malaysia seize 10 kg hemp.
police detained four men and a woman and seized 10 packets of hemp.
perak narcotics department led by chief dsp r. ravi chandran.

4156
age, length of infertility, are key factors in test tube success eds : subs 7th graf to restore dropped word ` frozen. '.
women between the ages of 25 and 30 have had previous pregnancies.
women between producing test-tube babies, researchers found.

6212
psychologists ' group to review stance on controversial therapies for gays.
american psychological association is embarking on the first review of its 10-year-old policy on counseling gays and lesbians.
often called reparative therapy or conversion therapy -- are considered futile and harmful by many gay-rights activists.

2235
germany to reconsider restrictive stemcell law in two years.
germany will reconsider its restrictive law on stem cell research in two years.
ready to move on this sensitive subject, '' bela anda said during a press conference.

9314
uk government to crack down on tv violence.
british national heritage secretary virginia bottomley announces a `` program of action ''
, bottomley said, `` violence on television is a cause for concern for many viewers.

6621
mayors should name local police chiefs : legislators.
legislators from across the spectrum urged the central government friday to delegate the power to name city and county police chiefs to local government heads.
npa) under the ministry of the interior, while mayors and magistrates can only offer advice on police personnel administration, including appointment and discipline.

9329
news analysis : wto mc successful, but adjustment needed.
the conference was described by some analysts as a `` milestone ''
eu) commission, said it was `` a huge international success.

5124
lawyer hopeful death sentences on canadian, briton will be overturned.
a canadian and a briton on death row in saudi arabia said thursday he expected the ruling on their appeal.
ahmed al-tuwaijiri, a member of the defense team representing the kingdom in 2000 along with four other britons.

9379
documentary on deng xiaoping to be shown soon.
the `` chief architect '' will be shown by the china central tv station.
xiaoping '', was published in shanghai for the chinese revolution.

5410
porsche says net profit for latest fiscal year up nearly 13 percent.
luxury automaker porsche says net profit for latest fiscal year rose by 12.9 percent.
us$ 914 million), up from euro690 million a year earlier, the stuttgart-based company said.

7691
japan stocks fall on underlying economic concern (update2).
tokyo electric power co. dropped 70 yen to 2,580 yen.
, led down by real estate and utilities issues.

7403
greenwich teens ' actions stun connecticut community.
jackie harris arrived at greenwich high school thursday morning.
so she and 10 other black students decided to take action.

7027
` ghosts of versailles ' : entertaining, but a bit dated.
john corigliano's `` ghosts of versailles '' showed at the metropolitan opera on monday night.
metropolitan opera on monday night, history just helps strip away the accidents of a work's origins.

955
woodward looks forward to down under challenge.
sir clive woodward says he is relishing the challenge of next month's tour.
wallabies despite being without almost half of their world cup squad.

7036
tech report : wearable computer a $ 10,000 fashion.
the wearable computer has a $ 10,000 price tag.
company's wearable computer has a $ 10,000 price tag.

8283
a case's road to the supreme court is long and difficult.
about 8,000 people ask the u.s. supreme court to hear their legal cases.
session that opens monday (oct. 1) is expected to be no different.

10553
philippine economy eyed to be boosted by eu expansion : report.
the delegation of the european commission to the philippines (decp) forecast that the entry of 10 new members would result in lower tariffs for philippine products entering
eu members cyprus, lithuania, malta, slovakia, and slovenia acceded to the eu on may 1, making the organization the world's biggest trading bloc with a population of 450 million.

4667
china's zhang yining takes women's world cup second year in a row.
world no. 2 zhang yining wins the elite women's table tennis world cup.
, zhang claimed an easy victory over lin ling of hong kong, 11-5, 11-7, 11-3.

1826
vieira refuses to write off champions league.
patrick vieira puts arsenal 3-1 down to collective failure.
gunners still have a chance of qualifying for the quarter-finals.

8292
raising ` kane ' : new dvd boosts film's legend higher.
`` kane '' has been named no. 1 film of all time by the american film institute.
no. 1 film of all time by the american film institute, but few probably understand why.

10569
russia opposes us proposal on limited sovereignty in iraq.
moscow opposes the us proposal to transfer limited sovereignty to the iraqi government.
iraqi government would be given limited powers, particularly in security issues.

4512
asian, african states accuse saudis of harassing illegal workers by tarek al_issawi.
diplomats from pakistan, india, somalia and nigeria have filed complaints.
appeals came after a three-month amnesty for illegal workers expired on thursday.

10723
day 3 results at french open (2-last).
21-magdalena maleeva, bulgaria, marrero, spain, spain and spain all have won.
mauresmo, france, bt anabel medina garrigues, spain, 6 - 7 (3-7), 7-5.

10727
news items from asia-pacific desk of xinhua (part 1).
sonia gandhi elected leader of india's united progress alliance.
security tightened in islamabad after karachi explosions.

5864
romania borrows us$ 35 million from the world bank for bird flu prevention.
romania will borrow us$ 35 million (euro29 million) from the world bank.
payoffs to farmers in affected areas whose birds are culled due to the disease.

6269
homeless man arrested, charged with stealing arms off statue of soccer legend pele.
jackson conceicao is accused of stealing a bronze replica of the world cup trophy.
thieves cash in on surging global prices for copper and alloys like bronze.

8777
billed as the best, gebrselassie runs true to form.
haile gebrselassie stormed out of hilly central park and separated from his competitors.
greatest distance runner -- only spectators, and the new york city half-marathon.

7070
u.s. scrambles to block oil rigs from reaching serbia.
several companies have been shipped from iran en route to serbia.
oil-drilling equipment destined for bulgaria, then russia.

4697
vignettes from the deauville film festival of american cinema with ap photos.
the deauville festival of american films has star power to rival the oscars.
impersonator alain poudensan, flashing a familiar twinkle-eyed smirk.

9544
wu yi stresses trade relations with cambodia.
china's emphasis on economic and trade cooperation with cambodia.
export-oriented processing and industrial bases, said sok.

10852
launch of nasa satellite aura delayed again.
a problem with a solid-state recorder aboard the aura was detected about 30 minutes before lift.
aura was detected about 30 minutes before lift - off at the vandenberg air force station in california.

3016
us unemployment hits 7.2 pct as 524,000 jobs lost.
the us economy lost 524,000 jobs in december.
highest level since january 1993, the report showed.

9582
east timor factions sign declaration on common principles.
the declaration was signed by 30 representatives of the pro-integration camp and 30 others.
16-point declaration dealt with do nascimento and u.n. representative tamrat samuel.

7794
computer associates extends deadline in bid for legent.
computer associates international inc. extended the deadline for its $ 1.74 billion bid for a third time thursday.
company earned $ 88.5 million, or 53 cents a share, compared with a loss of $ 85.6 million in the quarter a year earlier.

2209
monaco grand prix free practice times.
fernando alonso (esp) renault 1min 15.835 15.835 sec, 2.
fernando alonso (esp) renault 1min 15.835 sec, 2.

5635
man who fled to serbia acquitted in case of videotaped rape.
adrian missbrenner, 20, not guilty of sexual assault and child pornography.
assault and child pornography, a spokesman for the state's attorney's office said.

3581
axed prosecutor blocks zuma from naming replacement.
south africa's sacked director of public prosecutions won an injunction tuesday.
decide on what action to take, '' zuma said at an unrelated media briefing in pretoria.

5203
czech automaker makes its 5 millionth car under volkswagen.
czech car manufacturer skoda auto on tuesday produced its 5 millionth car.
octavia, skoda currently makes two other models in its plants : fabia and superb.

6744
too much rain can aid disease (washn).
what to do in a garden that gets three months ' worth of rain in one week ?
rains are scarce and plants fail to grow or become so stressed they attract pests.

2047
israeli pullout from gaza still not a done deal : peres.
israel's pullout from gaza is not a done deal and could still be derailed.
governing coalition in remove, and cost 250 million shekels (57 million dollars).

1620
iverson posts career high 60 points against 76ers sting magic.
tracy mcgrady was the last national basketball association player.
tracy mcgrady was the 18th different player to score 60 points in a game.

10890
chinese bioscientist urges down-to-earth style of research.
if they do it well, chinese scientists might gain more `` gold medals ''
a profitable industry and realizing sustained social development.

1162
eu welcomes ukraine court ruling, urges swift new polls (adds comments by solana, polish president, eu lawmaker, background).
the european union welcomed the results of a contested presidential election.
javier solana urged all parties in the crisis-wracked country to respect the ruling.

9668
cox report further refuted (8).
china `` stole '' america's most advanced nuclear weapon design secrets.
complete prohibition and thorough destruction of nuclear weapons.

10902
japan helps iraq with water and roads : official.
japan's self-defense forces have provided 11,400 tons of water.
demanded by hostage takers will have any impact on japan's activities.

10920
search and rescue efforts end at turkey's train derailment site.
search and rescue efforts launched after a high-speed train from istanbul to ankara.
train left istanbul at 6:00 p.m. thursday 1500 gmt) with 234 passengers and 12 crew aboard.

2958
fierce israel-hamas firefights in gaza capital.
israeli troops and hamas militants fought in gaza city on monday.
brigade commander, colonel avi peled, was lightly injured.

6361
foreign, overseas investments up 40 percent.
chinese investments in taiwan and taiwan investments overseas between january and april increased about 40 percent over the same period last year.
period amounted to us$ 824 million, an increase of us$ 272 million, 260 taiwan investments abroad, totaling us$ 979 million, were approved.

3588
obama to address healthcare changes in new ` town hall ' meet.
obama was scheduled to travel to portsmouth, new hampshire for what could be a rowdy `` town hall ''
some foes of his healthcare overhaul have shouted down lawmakers holding similar events around the country.

8376
in cambodia, the killing fields now lure tourists.
choeung ek is one of thousands of other sites where khmer rouge practiced genocide.
killing fields of choeung ek have become a tourist attraction, horrifying and fascinating.

4526
eds : updates with oil in malacca strrait ; edits to conform.
a 33-kilometer (21-mile) oil slick has been sighted by passing ships.
, pouring some 7 million gallons of fuel oil into waters south of singapore.

10967
chinese mobile phone maker recruits overseas talent for global expansion.
ningbo bird co. is recruiting talent worldwide to support its global expansion strategy.
growing number of chinese businesses are looking to the world to recruit talents.

8956
musharraf allies say he has no plans to resign.
musharraf faces the first impeachment proceedings in pakistani history.
coalition announced thursday that they would seek to remove him.

4725
eds : updates with more results u.s. open results.
donald johnson and jared palmer, united states, 7-5, 7-5.
jonas bjorkman, sweden, and todd woodbridge (4), australia, def.

1440
french defender boumsong about to join newcastle.
french defender jean-alain boumsong was in newcastle on friday.
scot moves quickly to strengthen his under-fire defense.

10991
hospital performs first face transplant in china.
zhang yingzhi announced news of the transplant on friday.
, zhang yingzhi announced news of the transplant here on friday.

8410
film industry losing battle against dvd piracy.
spike lee's `` 25th hour '' will debut in boston theaters friday.
latest james bond movie, die another day, '' and `` star trek : nemesis.

5676
japanese company gives up rights to contested lighting technology.
the legal battle between nichia and its former employee shuji nakamura over the patent related to the blue light-emitting diode.
nichia corp. said it wants to avoid fees to maintain a patent because updates in the technology make it no longer needed.

2889
sri lanka army vows to finish off tiger rebels.
sri lanka's army vowed to go after capturing their political headquarters.
culmination of a major military offensive that began in march 2007.

3371
singapore shares close up 4.80 percent.
singapore shares closed 4.80 percent higher on wednesday.
sti) after a two-day break for the lunar new year.

9772
tiger found above 3,000 meters in bhutan.
nepali wildlife researchers successfully caught a tiger in their cameras at an elevation of 3, 000 meters in central bhutan's thrumsingla national park.
presence of a royal bengal tiger at such an high altitude, '' the tiger was photographed on april 11, according to a press release issued by dr. yonzon sunday.

2262
mass sterilization to avert koala starvation on australia's kangaroo island.
south australia state premier mike rann said the current population of 27,000 koalas was unsustainable.
south australia state premier mike rann said 27,000 koalas on kangaroo island was unsustainable.

11050
update : plane crash in southern russia kills 4.
the plane crashed 100 meters off the runway on the outskirts of the tersky settlement.
plane was trying to land before it had run out of fuel, according to a preliminary inquiry ,.

2967
iraq's sadr urges reprisals against us over gaza war.
the shiite radical movement of moqtada al-sadr threatened on wednesday.
sadr also urged iraqis to `` place palestinian flags on in gaza.

9849
china, eu continue talks on china's wto accession.
european commission delegation continued talks this afternoon.
eu was china's third largest trading partner last year.

11082
china focus : central bank turns the screws on investment.
china's central bank moved to avert an overheating by 0.27 percentage points from 5.58 percent to 5.85 percent on friday.
rapid growth in fixed assets investment, soaring housing prices and oversupply in key sectors had raised concerns.

4551
england's boxall takes lead in oki pro-am.
richard boxall shot a 10 birdie, 8-under par 64 to take the lead.
, paul mcginley of ireland and scotland's raymond russell.

6816
kidsday recipes : kids in the kitchen.
heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium-size sauce sauce.
add onion and garlic, saute until lightly browned.

9028
israel fears a thief stole bits of its musical legacy.
a woman from new york was asking gila flam, who runs the music section of israel's national library.
music section of israel's national library, about a century-old autographed manuscript of a swiss composer.

1990
us considers reviving 30-year bond attention - adds details, background \/ \/ \/.
decision will be announced on august 3 at quarterly refunding meeting.
treasury market lower on anticipation of increased supplies of 30-year bonds.

6140
fbi probing threat to investment firm goldman sachs.
the fbi is investigating anonymous threats against the goldman investment firm.
letters were all mailed from new york's queens borough, and signed `` a.q., u.s.a. ''.

3970
police stop students supporting medical strike.
police with riot gear forced hundreds of students back to harare university campus.
downtown african unity square, a traditional gathering point for protesters.

8507
gao chief warns federal deficits are ` not manageable '.
the federal government's budget is in far worse shape than most americans realize, and the fiscal hole is deepening, the head of congress '
manageable without significant changes '' in taxes or spending, u.s. comptroller general david walker said in a speech to the national press club.

6148
van involved in connecticut july 4th accident that killed four did not have safety device.
a minivan rolled into a park pond on the fourth of july holiday killing a woman and three children.
michelle mcintosh, 39 died along with her son, 2-year-old david mcintosh, and family friend julia boyd, 3.

1120
away from violence, baghdad kids click into virtual world of silence.
`` in this bleak atmosphere it is important to give children a glimmer of hope, '' says one.
safa el-din al-sultani, who runs a computer center for children in the heart baghdad.

10027
spurs trounces grizzlies 113-92 to maintain winning streak.
san antonio spurs beat memphis grizzlies on saturday.
midwest division by half-a - game over dallas.

4856
qatar's foreign minister says war with iraq would destabilize region.
foreign minister says u.n. diplomacy must be given a chance to work.
bin jassem bin jassem saddam denied having any weapons of mass destruction.

11213
3rd ld-writethru : abu sayyaf rebels behead 7 workers in sulu, southern philippine.
abu sayyaf rebels beheaded seven workers in southern philippines.
victims were mere workers repairing roads and drying fish.

10034
avalanche claims two lives in western canada.
two snowboarders were killed and three more received minor injuries.
neil jackson, general manager of the dead snowboarders was buried for help.

6150
cockfighters file lawsuit over us state ' s ban ; claims it violates 1848 treaty with mexico.
the new mexico gamefowl breeders association and six businessmen argued the law infringes on rights protected under the 1848 treaty of guadalupe hidalgo.
mexico gamefowl breeders association and six businessmen argued that the 1848 treaty of guadalupe hidalgo, which made new mexico a u.s. territory.

4373
float considered to keep all blacks under new zealand ownership.
new zealand rugby football union board in face of nike approach.
springboks, recently after beating off traditional sponsors lion lager.

3689
swine flu vaccine orders pass one billion : who.
northern hemisphere countries ordered more than one billion doses of swine flu vaccine.
, canada and israel -- have ordered enough double doses to inoculate their entire populations.

5061
braga quits as botafogo coach for second time this year.
abel braga resigned as coach of the botafogo soccer club for second time.
braga lasted just seven games in his latest stint, running up a record of 2-1-4.

1088
irish compensation for blood scandals tops half a billion euros.
over half a billion euros in legal fees and compensation paid out to 1,763 irish people as a result of contaminated blood scandals.
hepatitis c and hiv compensation tribunal headed by a senior judge has been hearing claims on a continuous basis since 1996.

6905
verbatim : the pharmaceutical lobby's soft sell.
the pharmaceutical industry opposes house democrats ' effort to require the government to negotiate for lower medicare prices.
gentle e-mail, obtained by the washington post, from a drug lobbyist to an aide in the office of a freshman democrat :.

8050
at 38, ewing is ` a fountain of youth ' at supersonic introduction.
a highlight film preceded his entrance, offering archival evidence of patrick ewing.
ewing sat, looked again at his new no. 33 jersey and gave a reflective smile.

9101
' babylon a.d. ' : savior or sinner ? it can be tough to tell.
vin diesel, the slowest-moving action hero in movies, travels over land and under water.
aurora is either some kind of biological weapon or some kind of messianic figure.

11274
turkish parliament convenes to elect new president.
turkish parliament convened for first round of presidential elections.
parliament speaker bulent arinc opened the 550-seat parliament.

1456
vendee globe leaders in finishing scramble.
riou was 20 miles ahead of le cam's bonduelle and 85 days at sea.
on golding's ecover after 25,000 miles and 85 days at sea.

8053
men's styles take cues from '80s ladies look.
designers seemed to be scanning their sketch pads of women's clothes for inspiration.
ranged from grass-stained jeans (intentional) to cropped pants and shorts with suit jackets.

7618
supreme court wreaks havoc on the fourth.
supreme court has just punched some holes in the fourth amendment.
ordinary people are entitled to a presumption of innocence.

5516
germany's annual inflation rate unchanged at 2.3 percent in november.
consumer prices dropped by 0.5 percent from october to november.
preliminary estimate was based on data from six of germany's 16 states.

4237
aral sea disaster takes heavy health toll in kazakstan ap graphic aral sea.
doctors at the national rehabilitation center put the two boys through the gamut of tests and examinations.
achkendzhe sea region to get slots at a children's sanatorium outside almaty, capital of this former soviet state.

10231
lusaka city authorities ration water due to drought.
the lusaka city authorities say water is being rationed to households in the city.
morning, according to a press release from the lusaka water and sewerage company limited.

10242
xinhua summary of asia-pacific stocks news at 1100 gmt, sept. 16.
the nzse40 index ended 5 points lower at 2,036 with a turnover of 61.4 million us dollars.
composite stock price index (kospi) closed 13.79 points lower contrast to last session at 704.38.

7320
mickey mantle's former teammates cheer him on.
bouton spent seven seasons with mantle in new york.
york, expressed his 63-year-old ex-teammate.

3378
football : barcelona and sevilla squeeze into spanish cup semi-finals.
barcelona beat espanyol 3-2 in the spanish cup semi-finals.
meanwhile, sevilla dumped out holders valencia on athletic bilbao.

7344
wilson campaign in trouble ; future uncertain.
gov. pete wilson's campaign is in trouble before it's been formally announced.
although wilson is california's favorite son, senate majority leader bob dole, r-kan.

1929
south korea's `` tv-on-your-palm '' service begins commercial service.
south korea's satellite-based `` tv-on-your-palm '' service went into commercial operation.
satellite-based dmb digital multimedia broadcasting), although it was on a test run.

1931
rally of italy results attention - adds overall standings \/ \/ \/.
results from the rally of italy.
fra) citroen xsara wrc 4hr 33.7 sec, 2.

6539
biggest book borrowers the 31-50 age group : report.
taipei residents aged between 31 and 50 were found to have read the most in 2007 compared with other age groups based on the number of books they borrowed
average library member borrowed 2.91 books last year, and that 63 percent of more than 2.6 million taipei residents have public library book cards.

11411
zambia to scale up supports for fish farming.
zambia will scale up its supports for fish farming to reduce imports.
fisheries amendment bill no. 29 of 2007 was passed on august 23, '' he said.

1230
un watchdog finds irregularities in us-administered iraqi oil sales.
un oversight board found irregularities in iraq's oil export sales under us-led authorities between 2003 and 2004.
iamb) said it had also met delays in separate audits on sole-sourced contracts from the us defense contract audit agency.

8145
seniors catching up on internet use, study finds.
study : seniors with access still lag far behind all other age groups.
wired seniors '' study conducted by the pew internet & american life project.

9225
rivals accuse ibm of stifling competition to mainframes.
it still gets about one-quarter of its $ 100 billion in annual revenue from sales, software and financing related to the machines.
still gets about one-quarter of its $ 100 billion in annual revenue from sales, software, services and financing related to the machines.

5091
pc giant dell to take on hp in selling printers, cartridges.
dell inkjet and laser printers will be sold directly to customers.
, saying it believed dell was planning to start selling its own printers.

2113
german growth tops four-year high in first quarter by simon morgan attention - changes dateline, recasts, adds with analyst comment \/ \/ \/.
german economy showed fastest growth for four years.
exports rose strongly while imports declined.

7367
bookshelf speakers rise above paperback quality.
the listening evaluation was based on five exemplary cd productions.
everyone has parking space for floor-standing tower speakers.

3400
canada's economy shrinks for second straight month.
canadian economy shrank at a monthly rate of 0.7 percent in november.
wholesale trade, finance and insurance sectors also retreated.

779
drogba double buries newcastle's uefa cup dream.
newcastle united beat marseille 2-0 in the final on thursday.
coast star scored both goals to take his tally to 11 in every round.

9238
dissecting the bank plan for paths to profit.
bank executives assessed how best to use the new treasury proposal.
treasury proposal to sell billions of dollars of their troublesome assets.

9239
dissecting the bank plan for paths to profit eric dash and michael de la merced contributed reporting.
bank executives assessed how best to use the new treasury proposal.
treasury proposal to sell billions of dollars of their troublesome assets.

9255
at rutgers, old pals call the tune.
not long after they met as freshmen at rutgers, kia vaughn decided to learn to dance.
bronx, and zurich was an intense power forward from suburban north jersey who had no rhythm.

7382
belgacom 1994 net profit climbs to record bf9.74 bln (update1).
net consolidated profit rose percent to 9.742 billion ($ 338 million) from 9.666 billion.
net consolidated profit rose percent to 9.742 billion francs ($ 338 million) from 9.666 billion.

795
kerry, bush campaigns trade barbs over iraq prison scandal.
democratic presidential candidate john kerry sought friday to have george w. bush take personal responsibility for the abuse of iraqi prisoners.
renewing thursday his months-old call for rumsfeld step down and chiding bush for not owning up to his obligations as commander-in-chief.

11461
bomblike strapped to employee in u.s. bank robbery.
the employee told police that two armed robbers abducted him from his house tuesday.
device, demanded cash from a teller who gave them `` a large amount of money.

2455
pakistan's soldier-president woos the west with israel talks by sami zubeiri and rana jawad.
he dispatched his foreign minister to meet his israeli counterpart in turkey.
first-ever visit was part of a policy to move forward internationally.

2921
nkoreans hold mass rally for new economic drive.
north korea vows to launch a new year drive to rebuild its economy.
state broadcasting stations monitored by south korea's yonhap news agency.

11469
stocks close higher in mexico, argentina, brazil.
mexico city's ipc stock index rose by 0.68 percent to close at 30,508.74.
mexico city's ipc stock index rose by 0.68 percent to close at 30,508.74 points.

8228
rethinking security : how safe can an airport be ?.
over the past three decades, with airplanes hijacked to cuba, intentionally blown up over scotland.
keeping aircraft and airports safe, usually without much financial help from the government.

8678
jets ' defensive collapse felt as bad as it looked.
cut was not the worst thing that happened to him and the jets in their season opener.
if it were an illegible note, reminding him to do something he might not otherwise remember.

6607
local researchers pioneer dna vaccine patches.
taiwanese research team has made a breakthrough in the development of dna.
a transport vehicle to deliver vaccine into the body via a non - invasive method.

7692
china's first-half 1995 trade surplus swells to $ 13.2 billion.
china's trade surplus grew by $ 2 billion in june.
period sapped demand for both domestic goods and imports.

1215
dutch arrest a second former afghan military spy.
the dutch authorities have arrested a former member of the afghan military.
heshamuddin h. both men face charges of violations of the laws and customs of war.

2538
mofaz wants israel to hasten gaza departure attention - adds shalom, background, clarifies not cabinet meeting \/ \/ \/.
defense minister says israel bring forward departure of troops from gaza strip.
youths charged israeli positions by an abandoned jewish settlement bloc.

3067
havel's condition ` serious ' after surgery : czech hospital.
former czech president vaclav havel was in `` stabilised but serious ''
chain smoker has also suffered repeated lung and heart problems.

4291
avoiding brawl ? u.s. and eu cautious over total deal with iran by christopher burns.
iran's dlrs 2 billion natural gas contract is europe's strongest signal.
effort to use trade to iran over its alleged ties with terrorism.

954
kenyan police probe three ` suspicious ' people of terror links.
kenyan police are probing possible terrorism links of three `` suspicious looking '' arrests.
identify themselves to book rooms for two people, who are expected to come from dubai.

5174
now van eyck missing panel is mystery wrapped in a riddle.
anonymous sleuth claims he knows where the missing panel is hidden.
doreen gaublomme, who works for ghent's municipal conservation department.

7030
clinton, major discuss irish peace plan.
president clinton and prime minister john major emerged from nearly three hours of meetings tuesday.
endures occasional disagreements, '' clinton said of america's relations with britain at a news conference.

5175
majority of spaniards oppose war against iraq, according to opinion poll.
the majority of spaniards oppose the united states ' proposed war.
hussein constituted a threat to world peace while 29.6 percent disagreed.

10563
russia opposes uses of force in georgia's rebellious region.
russia opposes the use of force to resolve tensions.
spokesman alexander yakovenko in a statement.

998
greenpeace activists block second gm shipment in greece.
greenpeace activists boarded a cargo ship allegedly carrying genetically-modified animal food from argentina to greece.
ubc beaumont '' suspected of containing 18,000 tons of gm soyameal, according to a greenpeace written statement.

1307
ex-trader in forex scandal at australia's largest bank charged.
david bullen said he would defend himself against the 20 charges.
275 million us) scandal at national australia bank (nab).

1282
japan fm calls for more chinese intervention on nkorea.
japan's foreign minister urges china to work harder to help end the north korean nuclear problem.
seriously and exert a greater influence, though i believe they have made efforts in the past, '' he said.

4501
sales halted of substance at center of poison tunnel controversy eds : subs second graf to reflect that sales also being halted.
sales of rhoca-gil compound will be suspended pending final results.
lars wester of tests on workers exposed to it, tv4 reported.

7058
commentary : madeleine albright and the iraqis.
president clinton, secretary of state warren christopher and john major vowed to maintain the sanctions on saddam hussein's iraq this week.
punishing blows to saddam's head and body were delivered last month by u.s. ambassador to the united nations madeleine k. albright.

7726
books show how patents and trademarks help shape business.
the new role that take a comprehensive and entertaining look at a broad subject.
mechanics of patent claim drafting '' or `` understanding copyright law.

5602
judge rules in favor of cubans who landed on former u.s. bridge.
u.s. district judge orders federal officials to `` use their best efforts '' to help immigrants.
evening from her family's home in matanza, cuba, where she was celebrating the decision.

6258
israeli soldier killed in operation in gaza strip.
israeli forces moved into gaza strip early thursday in a hunt for weapons.
man had an ak-47 assault rifle and was wearing an explosives belt.

5438
lawyer says video will show pennsylvania teen did n't kidnap girl.
a man charged with killing his girlfriend's parents did n't kidnap the girl when he took her from pennsylvania to indiana.
965-kilometer) drive `` will serve to negate '' allegations he kidnapped her, his attorneys wrote in court papers.

1860
lawmakers to honor baseball great robinson with congressional gold medal.
jackie robinson has been chosen to receive posthumously the congressional gold medal.
widow rachel robinson, us president george w. bush and congressional leaders at the ceremony.

6262
brazil ' s president says pan am games will reveal new image to the world.
the pan american games will show the world cup and one day the olympics games.
image of brazil, '' silva said in thursday's editions of several brazilian newspapers.

4014
austgold agrees to buy hidden valley gold project in papua new guinea.
australian gold fields ltd. has entered an agreement with a subsidiary of cra ltd..
announced monday it had struck the sell subsidiary hidden valley gold pty..

10709
xinhua mideast news summary at 2100 gmt, may 24.
palestinian mourners buried 23 of those killed by israeli soldiers.
after siege was partly lifted in rafah, thousands of residents of the dead.

3510
singapore shares close 0.20 percent down.
singapore shares closed 0.20 percent lower thursday.
index lost 5.33 points to close at 2,601.50.

2724
mombasa to host 2007 world cross country championships by aileen kimutai attention - adds quotes, kenyan reax \/ \/ \/.
the 2007 world cross country championships will be held in mombasa.
having confirmed kenya's successful bid to stage the event.

5184
ousted taliban leader mullah mohammed omar is alive in afghanistan, karzai says.
mullah mohammed omar is alive somewhere near pakistani borders, afghan president says.
believes omar is currently in afghanistan somewhere near the pakistani border.

7728
petronas gas could be malaysia's next blue-chip stock (update1).
petronas gas bhd., set to have its shares traded on the kuala lumpur stock exchange.
faez khairuddin, head of research at local brokerage capitalcorp securities.

1092
saudi oil sites are ` very safe ' -- saudi spokesman.
saudi arabia's giant oil production facilities are `` very safe, '' spokesman says.
already jittery world oil market seen prices surge to record highs of late.

5618
super 14 : tana umaga to captain hurricanes against cheetahs.
all blacks captain tana umaga will lead the hurricanes in their super 14 rugby match.
hurricanes coach colin cooper said he had given the captaincy decision careful consideration.

5865
blagojevich, topinka to face off in illinois gubernatorial race.
republican state treasurer judy baar earned a shot to defeat him in the fall.
democratic nomination for house seat occupied by retiring republican rep. henry hyde.

1627
charles and bride-to-be camilla coy about valentine's day plans.
`` valentines day - that's another thought, '' says prince charles.
prince adding : `` valentines day - that's another thought.

95
army of rabid dogs stalk streets of georgia by tinatin basharuly.
authorities have decreed a state of emergency to help fight off the threat.
being bitten, '' the city's head doctor zubar putkaradzeshief said in an interview.

7750
merrill lynch 2nd-qtr net rises 12 % to $ 1.40-shr (update4).
profits at the nation's biggest securities firm rose to $ 283 million.
nation's biggest securities firm rose to $ 283 million, or $ 1.18, a year ago.

10763
uruguayan military investigates alleged sex abuse in congo.
uruguayan military authorities are investigating allegations that their troops were involved in sexual abuse.
drc that having sexual relations with a minor was a very serious crime, even though she agreed to it.

10766
arroyo wants shift to federalism at end of term.
philippine president gloria macapagal-arroyo would like to see the ratification of a new constitution.
, people power movements would just be a thing of the military-backed uprisings have given should be retained.

6301
government forces, tamil rebels clash in northern sri lanka ; soldier killed.
government forces clashed with separatist tamil tiger guerrillas in northern sri lanka.
tamil tiger rebels began fighting in 1983 independent homeland for sri lanka's minority tamils.

6102
conmebol not pleased u.s. sent second-choice side to copa america.
conmebol was not pleased that the u.s. sent a second-choice side to the copa america.
conmebol general secretary eduardo deluca told the associated press in a telephone interview.

9523
profile : xie fei -- politburo member of 15th cpc central committee.
xie fei, native of luhe, guangdong province, was born in 1932.
xie fei, native of luhe guangdong province, was born in november 1932.

7751
an upstart lawyer marshals a class-action blitz.
parry has helped win a $ 43 million settlement for 18,000 customers.
a champion for tens of thousands of aggrieved policyholders.

9539
brazil wins under-17 soccer world cup title.
brazil beat ghana 2-1 on sunday.
third place, spain defeated germany 2-1.

10806
czech army seeks government permission to sell unneeded fighters.
czech defense ministry plans to ask for a government permission for the selling.
subsonic, sticha said, without disclosing which countries were involved.

4520
accused killer of canadian man surrenders to guyanese police.
matthew paeden, a 28-year-old machinist, died thursday at a georgetown hospital.
paeden died just three weeks after marrying guyana airways flight attendant karen lewis.

9586
u.s. unemployment edges up slightly to 4.3 percent in june.
the u.s. unemployment rate edged up only 0.1 percent to 4.3 percent as factories continued to shed jobs.
global financial crisis, because of major export markets overseas and increasing competition from cheap imports.

2501
grateful asia offers aid for us hurricane victims attention - adds another singapore helicopter, japan aid detail \/ \/ \/.
three of the heavy-duty helicopters had so far ferried 700 evacuees.
chinook helicopters were from a training detachment in grand prairie, texas.

8336
slugger chases mark, tunes out hype.
the san francisco left fielder has nine games to hit the four homers.
third lowest behind mark mcgwire and babe ruth among players with 500 homers.

7089
responsibility become's america's favorite word.
a great battle was joined in the first 100 days of house speaker newt gingrich and republican rule.
reverence and inattention of great art : people know it's there and mostly, they ignore it.

5642
humpback whales washes up on belgian beach ; scientists say whale probaby collided with ship.
the beached whale _ attracted a number of onlookers.
royal belgian institute of natural sciences.

1188
poll gives abbas 18 percent lead over barghuti in palestinian election.
plo chairman mahmud abbas has an 18 percent lead over his chief rival.
fatah faction, while 21.9 percent support the jailed intifada leader barghuti.

7468
barclays will pay $ 440 million for wells fargo nikko (update3).
barclays plc will buy wells fargo nikko investment advisors for $ 440 million.
make barclays chief executive, in a statement announcing the purchase.

9652
greek, albanian, macedonian foreign ministers meet.
foreign ministers of greece, albania and macedonia agree on joint committees.
greek side reportedly wants these tripartite meetings to take place every six months.

1605
peace agenda at heavily guarded munich security conference by guy jackson = (pictures) =.
the start of an annual international security conference with the emphasis on building peace in the middle east and role of the united nations.
heavily guarded munich conference on security policy to make a speech on saturday, organisers said, after a last-minute change of mind.

9673
results of asian junior badminton championship (3-last).
zhang yang, china, bt v diju, india, 15-7, 15-1.
indonesia, bt lee yen, singapore, 15-12.

9681
launch of new u.s. weather satellite delayed.
the launch of a new weather satellite has been postponed until october.
nasa) and now has been rescheduled for the fall, the noaa said.

4337
siberian city mayor arrested in moscow.
the mayor of a small siberian city arrested on wednesday.
saying that konyakhin was charged with embezzling state property.

3587
paris : fishing in the seine for... salmon ?.
2008 was already a record-breaking year, with at least 260 on a video system.
seine, '' bernard breton, a top official at france's national federation for fishing.

2384
thousands of gang members bid farewell to taiwan crime `` godfather '' = (picture) = attention - adds details, quotes \/ \/ \/.
thousands of gang members attended funeral of taiwan's crime `` godfather ''
-rrb- gathering to settle old scores on what they said was `` peace day of gangs ''.

2066
eu, russia ` still negotiating ' on visa wrangle : source.
european union and russian leaders agree on a package of accords aimed at boosting cooperation.
eu, while at same time striking an accord on boosting coordination in key policy areas.

5459
salo, canucks hand ducks record-tying eighth straight loss.
sami salo scored his second goal of the game with 7:48 left to help the vancouver canucks hand the club record-tying eighth straight loss, 3-2 on sunday.
salo blasted a 50-foot slap shot from the point that deflected past goalie ilja bryzgalov, and the canucks held on to finish a three-game trip with a 2-1 record.

4739
schalken wins `` other '' quarterfinal, beating fernando gonzalez.
schalken reached his first semifinal in 30 grand slam tournaments.
fernando gonzalez, playing in his first slam quarterfinal.

7517
british pound slumps on conservative party division (update1).
british pound slumped against the deutsche mark and the dollar.
major and challenger john redwood made public their policy differences.

6366
former yunlin magistrate to run for taipei mayorship.
former yunlin county magistrate liao chuan-yu said he will take part in the kuomintang primary for the year-end taipei mayoral election.
charismatic incumbent taipei mayor chen shui-bian, a member of the opposition democratic progressive party who has announced his reelection bid.

7527
goring and king set for interviews.
kings have received permission from the stanley cup-champion new jersey devils to talk to assistant coach larry robinson.
calgary flames, will meet with kings co-owner joseph cohen, president rogie vachon and general manager sam mcmaster this morning.

10996
gonzalez goal helps sociedad out of relegation zone.
real sociedad beat racing santander 1-0 in the spanish first division soccer league.
gonzalez games, one ahead racing, espanyol and real mallorca and two clear of the drop zone.

305
britain's cattle backlog will take until 2010 to clear : labor.
backlog of cattle waiting to be incinerated under government's `` mad cow '' scheme.
scare over bovine spongiform encephalopathy (bse), or `` mad cow '' disease.

7873
wilson decries ` racist ' label in his opposition to affirmative.
`` it is not fun to be called a racist, '' pete wilson says.
governor and former us senator said in an interview.

9818
special meeting on car to begin in new york.
the central african republic will take place on may 15-16 in new york.
deputy louise frechette, is expected to open the government consolidate peace.

8457
costa rica devastated by floods ; some damage blamed on fruit.
the newhouse news service report of wednesday, january 22, 2003, is available as a ` separate buy '
york times syndicate at 732-390-4480 ; fax, 732-390-4697 ; e-mail, weyded (at) nytimes.com.

356
karen refugees moved by thais back into burma : un official.
an estimated 900 karen civilians have been sent to tha ma pyo.
suan phung district of thailand's ratchaburi province.

360
hundreds of palestinians pray on disputed jerusalem site (pictures).
the moslem worshippers marched up the jebel hillside from the neighboring arab quarter of umm tiba.
neighboring arab quarter of umm tiba, at the border between east jerusalem and palestinian-ruled bethlehem.

9861
weather forecast for major world cities.
beijing : calm to gentle breeze.
, calm to gentle breeze.

9881
egypt, morocco sign protocol on enhancing development, investment.
egypt and morocco signed a protocol on the establishment of an association.
mechanisms that enable them to get acquainted with each other's investment chances.

5946
shiites rage over u.s. raid on purported mosque, suicide bombing kills 40.
shiite politicians raged at the u.s. and halted negotiations on a new government monday.
, sunnis and kurds is a benchmark for american hopes of starting to withdraw troops this summer.

7552
species ruling could prompt spate of conservation plans.
support from the u.s. supreme court expected to spur a flood of private endangered-species habitat protection plans in the northwest.
timber industry vaughn, a biologist for beak consultants, inc. `` a lot of companies just want to get on with their business.

2013
blair may bow out sooner rather than later after ` bloody nose ' from voters by deborah haynes = (pictures) = attention - updates, adds guardian editorial \/ \/ \/.
prime minister tony blair could be leaving the political stage sooner rather than later.
labor party returned to power but with a significantly reduced majority in the house of commons.

412
us clarifies bush remarks on taiwan, china says.
the u.s. has clarified as `` an oral mistake '' recent remarks by us president george w. bush.
stance on taiwan has not changed, '' foreign ministry spokeswoman zhang qiyue told xinhua news agency.

2652
britain calls for thousands more nato troops in afghanistan by lachlan carmichael attention - adds quotes, analysis, background \/ \/ \/.
british defense secretary john reid calls for thousands of extra nato troops.
isaf) in afghanistan, made up mostly of troops from european nations.

6145
more rain drenches storm-weary texas as flood danger eases in oklahoma and kansas.
state emergency management chief jack colley said all of texas ' major river basins are at flood stage.
man after his pickup stalled on a flooded road in cherokee county, dispatcher mike carter said.

3524
cricket : pakistan bat against sri lanka in fourth one-dayer.
pakistan captain younus khan won toss and elected to bat against sri lanka.
premadasa stadium here holds only academic interest after sri lanka won the series.

6441
pfp lawmakers meet with arats officials on ` three links ' issues.
a group of lawmakers from the republic of china met with mainland chinese officials.
arats), which is authorized to handle exchanges with taiwan in the absence of official ties.

3313
spanish town buries four children after storm.
some 2,500 mourners gathered in the spanish town of sant boi de llobregat.
95 miles) hit a building, bringing down part of the worst experienced in sant boi.

11195
rebounding coal mine death toll prompts chinese government crackdown.
chinese government launches crackdown on cover-ups and dishonest reports of colliery accidents filed by mine owners.
saws) death toll declined 15.6 percent to 661, said huang yi, spokesman with the state administration of work safety (saws).

3613
olympics : women's boxing decision takes a hit in britain.
the ioc gave women's nod at a meeting in berlin.
ioc) gave women's boxing the nod at a meeting in berlin.

478
india's ruling party returns to hindu agenda, criticises muslims by jay deshmukh.
outburst by indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee against islamic extremism.
public, vajpayee condemned what he suggested was a muslim disposition toward intolerance.

483
5,000 expected at spanish anti-globalisation rally.
some 2,000 police have been brought in to control up to 5,000 anti- globalisation demonstrators.
informal meeting of finance and economic ministers from the 15 european union countries.

3480
bill clinton in nkorea on mission to free journalists.
new : us official : `` our interest is the successful completion of this issue ''
safe return of ex - president's wife, secretary of state hillary clinton, told reporters.

7282
` splitting ' fails to deliver the goods.
`` splitting '' features an unhappy heroine who determines to get revenge.
1988) a woman whose husband has left her penniless and embittered.

2979
somali pirates release turkish ship after ransom paid : company.
the m\/v yasa neslihan was transporting 77,000 tonnes of iron ore from canada to china.
istanbul-based yasa, told afp, declining to say how much ransom money was paid.

6893
rx for rural northern california : more doctors.
a nurse got on the phone to seven facilities as far south as san francisco.
psychiatric beds here, and not a single psychiatrist practices in del norte county.

2391
iraq power problems require public-private solutions : minister by salam faraj and salwan binni.
electricity minister says solutions require political goodwill and public cooperation.
dams on its upper course to generate hydroelectric power and trap water for use in irrigation.

10113
full text (2) of white paper on labor and social security in china.
the government has improved the labor standards system, he says.
a result, labor and social security undertakings have developed rapidly.

10184
80 people abducted by rebels in northern uganda.
the lord resistance army rebels raided adjumani and lira districts in northern uganda.
stormed kureku in ofoa sub-county in adjumani sub-county, abducting 28 people.

9103
facing protests, thai premier says he won ' t resign.
prime minister samak sundaravej says he would not resign in the face of continuing protests.
, noting that he had taken office after a democratic election just seven months ago.

10194
russia, kyrgyzstan to enhance cooperation within sco : putin.
russian president vladimir putin says russia and kyrgyzstan intend to enhance cooperation.
ongoing visit kyrgyz president askar akayev in russia's black sea resort of sochi.

5315
oil prices fall to lowest level in more than three months.
oil prices fell wednesday to their lowest level in more than three months.
oil broker tom bentz of bnp paribas commodity futures in new york.

1408
sixty-seven dead in bombay after drinking bootleg booze.
the dead were all poor labourers who drank the bootleg brew last weekend.
alcohol contained high methyl alcohol levels which made it toxic.

6468
youth commission invites youths to spend summer in taiwan.
the national youth commission has organized a series of taiwan study tour packages.
nyc is calling an `` experience camp in jail '' in chiayi, southern taiwan.

4611
russian foreign minister returns to damascus.
russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov returned to syria monday.
primakov and israel to revive their deadlocked peace talks.

3535
sadat daughter takes us film to court over dog named anwar.
sadat was shot dead by islamic militants at a military parade in cairo on october 6, 1981.
1978 camp david accords that led to a 1979 peace treaty with israel, the first by an arab country.

6940
globalization revives a minnesota factory town.
eden prairie, a grid of glass-fronted office parks spread across former cornfields west of minneapolis.
blue-collar laborers wielded wrenches and welding torches, fabricating pumps, hoses, and pipes.

3211
world greets obama with jubilation and worry.
the world greeted the barack obama era on tuesday with excited hopes for the future and deep caution over the difficulties.
public outpouring of faith in young leader promising change, his counterparts in other countries have sought to douse expectations.

2285
world's first drug to extend intercourse introduced in us by maxim kniazkov attention - adds quotes, details \/ \/ \/.
dapoxetine is designed to help millions of men around the world.
premature ejaculation wreaking havoc on their sex lives.

6945
senate opens debate on health care reform.
majority leader harry reid, d-nev, faced a daunting challenge in building the filibuster-proof.
senate working through weekends on president barack obama's desk for signing before the end of january.

11338
3rd ld-writethru : apec leaders adopt sydney declaration on climate change.
apec leaders adopted a declaration on climate change, energy security and clean development.
apec will adopt regional goals to reduce energy intensity and increase forest cover.

5758
house committee approves bill to tighten iran sanctions.
house international relations committee voted overwhelmingly on wednesday to tighten u.s. sanctions against iran.
helped iran by investing in its energy sector or permitted a private entity to carry out such investment.

6526
prices down on taipei stock market.
taiwan share prices ended lower thursday, with the weighted index, the market's key barometer.
bourse opened at 8,245.19 and fluctuated between 8,300.29 and 8,004.47 during trading.

669
former scotland boss brown takes over at preston.
former scotland coach craig brown was named as the new manager of preston north end.
brown succeeds david moyes who left deepdale to take over at premiership strugglers everton.

6966
answers lacking in chef's disappearance from ship.
another crew member spotted the chef early the next morning.
ship docked in cartagena, colombia, later that day, faliva was gone.

2985
madoff transferred millions from britain to us : report.
bernard madoff ordered his london-based company to transfer 100 million pounds to his us firm just weeks before his arrest on suspicion of massive fraud.
madoff securities international, said madoff called staff on november 12 and said he wanted to move the british firm's capital from gilts into us treasury bonds.

5364
indonesian village does not kill birds despite woman's death.
indonesian agriculture officials have sprayed disinfectant and slaughtered 20 ducks.
cooing aswandi, head of animal husbandry in tangerang district where the village is located.

5541
china pledges to work to trim trade surplus, promote foreign exchange reforms.
pledge came in a report by the state administration of foreign exchange regulator.
exports exceed imports, is expected to surpass us$ 100 billion) this year.

9165
winning tv chef shares easy favorites.
simmer raisins in 1 cup water until soft about 5 minutes.
, then on low speed, mix in flour and pinch salt.

6535
kmt hopeful registers for presidential race.
ma ying-jeou, presidential candidate vincent siew, registered their candidacies.
us$ 464,396) and submitting their registration application and other required documents.

3319
mugabe threat as zimbabwe crisis summit begins.
heads of state from 15-nation southern african development community are trying to salvage a power-sharing pact signed by mugabe and opposition leader tsvangirai in september.
european union slaps fresh sanctions on mugabe's rule in zimbabwe, which battling a cholera epidemic that has killed nearly 2,800 people and infected more than 50,000.

2021
sinn fein leader gerry adams re-elected to british parliament.
gerry adams was re-elected friday to his seat in british parliament.
seats allotted to parties from northern ireland in general election in 2001.

8594
parents ' checkbook stays open, even when kids get first apartment.
$ 222.2 billion spent from thanksgiving to new year's last year versus $ 40.6 billion in 2004 back-to-school shopping.
back-to-school has ranked second on retailers ' most-profitable-season list, behind year-end holiday shopping.

10378
israeli soldier, 2 palestinian militants killed in hebron.
two palestinian militants and one israeli soldier killed sunday afternoon in a gunbattle.
exchange of fire lasted several hours, killing two palestinian militants and one israeli soldier.

6192
merc ' s buyout of chicago board of trade set for final ok, pairing chicago foes.
the chicago board of trade appeared to join forces with its longtime rival in an $ 11.9 billion deal that will end its 159 years of independence.
merc raised its offer a third time on friday, needing to win over cbot's largest and most influential shareholder, australia-based caledonia investments.

4638
eu approves new rules for negotiating aid, trade deals with poor.
the suggestion to end special trade privileges is incompatible with the world trade organization's fair competition rules.
eu must differentiate more among these nations some of which have evolved much more than others in recent decades.

756
fighting flares in iraq's shiite south.
two us patrols came under attack from sadr's so-called mehdi army militia.
, after coalition forces moved against sadr's offices in two other southern towns.

8146
try telling men to stop being pushy.
imagine suggesting to the 496 male ceos of the fortune 500 companies that they be less aggressive.
134 all-male boards of georgia's 210 publicly owned corporations to enroll in `` unassertiveness '' class.

9231
recent rains small help to speciality farmers.
christmas tree farm near elgin got nearly 2 inches of rain during second week of march.
, owners of green gate farms in east austin, squash and other vegetables on their 3-acre tract.

797
soviet arsenals a ticking time bomb : analysts.
former soviet republics still hold on to millions of tonnes of aging armaments.
germany after it completed its reunification with west germany in 1990.

8651
` amazing ' cat is patient advocate for sick pets.
the 13-year-old cat is the paralyzed mascot at upstate animal medical center.
paralyzed mascot at upstate animal medical center, is more than that.

1763
jordan returns ambassador to israel after four-year absence by hala boncompagni.
jordan is sending an ambassador to israel on sunday.
sea resort of sharm el-sheikh on february 8.

7657
georgia senator to probe education department's oversight of.
sen. sam nunn will grill education department officials wednesday.
grants supplied between nearly 100 percent of its revenue.

4486
u.s. envoy arrives in region for new round of talks eds : adds ross, netanyahu quotes, edits.
clinton's special envoy arrived in israel for another round of meetings with israeli and palestinian leaders.
intensively as we can to produce results, '' ross said before meeting with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu.

3997
iran seeks to boost political, economic ties with france.
iran is seeking 10 airplanes and the satellite in deals worth dlrs 500 million.
buying airbus airliners and a telecommunications satellite from france.

8664
japan-china rivalry stirs a crowded and tense sea.
china deployed a fleet of five warships in the east china sea.
chunxiao gas field, according to japan's maritime self-defense forces.

8683
lori sturdevant column : fairgoers and erhardt see merits of gax-tax increase.
the gulf coast's destruction has raised gasoline prices to unseen heights.
pushing gas prices higher would persuade people to drive less, the reasoning goes.

5570
algerian president's health has improved in paris hospital, official says.
algerian president abdelaziz bouteflika was flown to a military hospital in paris.
: `` yes, and indeed there is nothing to worry about regarding his health.

6037
israel transfers millions to palestinians, workers to be paid full salaries.
transfer of funds marked the first concrete gesture of israeli support for moderate president mahmoud abbas since the islamic militant hamas took control of gaza.
first concrete gesture of israeli support for moderate president mahmoud abbas since the islamic militant hamas took control of gaza by force in mid-june.

883
lebanon promises summer festivals despite regional turmoil.
lebanon promises summer of cultural festivals by world stars such as spanish tenor placido domingo.
electronic music group massive attack and japanese drummers osaka dadada-dan tenko are also on the program.

2842
no negotiating on sovereignty over kurils : putin attention - adds background \/ \/ \/.
russian president vladimir putin ruled out negotiations with japan.
nationally televised question-and-answer session with people around russia.

904
released prisoners complain of torture as fighting rages in najaf.
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld visited abu ghraib, buses carrying 315 waving prisoners swept out of the complex.
donald rumsfeld visited abu ghraib, buses carrying 315 waving prisoners swept out of the inmate abuse scandal.

8254
dismantling a memorial, clearing a camp site.
new york city parks department workers collected the poems, paintings and missing persons fliers.
public display of emotion by spreading out sheets of butcher paper and supplying markers.

6638
talk of the day -- taiwan bracing for rmb impact.
taiwan's central bank reiterated sunday that the exchange rate between the new taiwan dollar and the u.s. greenback should continue to be determined.
fully aware that rmb appreciation could fuel a rise in the nt dollar's value that could eventually undermine taiwan's export competitiveness.

1347
central us battens down hatches against christmas snow, subzero winds.
millions of families across the central united states battened down the hatches against christmas eve snowstorms.
chicago vehicles and rushed to stock up on last-minute gifts and provisions hours ahead of christmas day.

6246
boy band mogul lou pearlman arrives in florida to face fraud charges ; ordered held in jail.
lou pearlman faces charges of defrauding a bank out of $ 20 million (euro14.5 million).
euro14.5 million), will be represented by the federal public defender's office.

973
bush camp hobbled by poor polls by jean-louis doublet.
george w. bush has begun to worry managers of his campaign for reelection in november.
-rrb-... which can easily happen, because of events, '' bush campaign strategist matthew dowd.

976
determined hewitt keeps australia on course for final.
former wimbledon champion lleyton hewitt wins the 2.1-million-euro atp world team cup.
steamrolled 6-1 by munich open finalist verkerk in an opening set that lasted just 22 minutes.

3567
russian economy hitting ` dead end ' : medvedev.
russian economy risks hitting `` a dead end, '' president dmitry medvedev says.
medvedev did not spare his words in admitting russia was largely to blame for its woes.

4306
singers, former judge among 49 being tried in boy prostitution.
many of the 49 accused wore balaclavas to hide their identities.
identities, but were told to take them off before entering the building.

4009
irish, british unite ireland for the tourists ' sake by shawn pogatchnik.
its five-year budget of more than 20 million pounds will link the thriving tourist economy of the irish republic.
dlrs 30 million) will link the thriving tourist economy of the international ad blitz in dublin's ornate shelbourne hotel.

4419
bulls arrive in paris ; head straight to practice.
the chicago bulls arrived in paris tuesday for the mcdonalds championship.
bulls boarded a private to france and landed in middle of the afternoon paris time.

8321
in wake of terrorism, advertisers pull plug on insensitive messages.
consider the billboards russell athletic erected to promote its line of sweat shirts.
billboards russell athletic had erected to promote its line of sweat shirts.

9516
15th national party congress elects new central committee (4).
party veterans have stood tests of revolutionary struggles, have rich experience in leadership.
furthermore, deputy commander of greater military area) level, accounting for 88.1 percent of the total.

8774
a new luster in the elegant heart of brittany.
la petit epicerie, in the heart of nantes, was packed with diners.
antique tables, a banquet laden with home-made desserts).

5622
chick corea embarks on his ` ultimate adventure '.
the band recorded the jazz-rock album `` bitches brew ''
groundbreaking jazz-rock album `` bitches brew.

1703
jackson trial delays prompt media to ask : ` when will this insanity end ? ' by patrick moser.
his illness caused judge rodney melville to postpone proceedings for a week.
insanity end, '' joe khalvati, a cameraman for the celebrity justice television show.

4693
opposition group claims iraq executed 13 political prisoners.
iraqi dissident group says 13 political prisoners executed in prison.
abu ghraib prison, 30 kilometers (19 miles) west of baghdad.

120
ecuador's congress prepares to elect new president by fabio castro.
rosalia arteaga resigned tuesday just two days after the ouster of abdala bucaram.
her resignation was announced as congress was poised to elect a new president late tuesday.

1068
iraqi governor of najaf upbeat about chances of shiite, us truce.
the governor of iraq's holy city of najaf played down saturday.
peaceful solution that it is looking for, '' adnan zorfi told reporters.

123
world rubber consumption hits record in 1996 but growth slows.
world rubber consumption hit a record 15.60 million tonnes in 1996.
, consumption and trade in natural and synthetic rubber and rubber products.

3762
vietnam my lai survivor welcomes calley apology.
a survivor of mass killings by american troops in 1968 said he welcomed the public apology made by a former officer convicted for his role the atrocity.
past and we accept his apologies, although they come too late, '' pham thanh cong, director of a small museum at my lai, told afp by telephone.

3861
ww2 singer vera lynn returns to british album charts.
`` forces sweetheart '' dame vera lynn became the oldest living artist at 92.
, vera lynn '', returned her to the charts decades after she topped them in the 1950s.

10835
roundup : access for all but not migrant workers (2) by ma guihua.
there are an estimated 2.5 million migrants from neighboring myanmar, cambodia, laos.
, individual intervention is highlighted whereas the policy and structural element is ignored.

8328
` monkey's mask ' : amateurish and ill-conceived.
how : what i could go for is a lesbian murder mystery set in the poetry community of sydney ?
susie porter) is hired to look into the murder of a beautiful young college student.

7461
u.s. economy : april trade gap rises 16.2 % to $ 11.4 bln (update1).
u.s. trade deficit surged 16.2 percent to $ 11.374 billion in april.
robert dederick, a consulting economist at the northern trust co. in chicago.

5202
greek president cancels visit to albania amid protests.
papoulias was due to meet albanian president alfred moisiu later tuesday.
150 demonstrators gathered outside the southern town of saranda.

9613
new airbus delivered to eastern chinese city.
airbus 320, the first of 10 purchased by china eastern airline's (cea).
9 other planes bought by cea's shandong branch will be delivered in over a year.

5207
four inmates dead, prison chief injured after riot police storm kyrgyz prisons.
riot police in kyrgyzstan killed at least four inmates.
sound of gunfire crackled from inside and ambulances raced away.

1407
half a million taiwan buddhists mobilize to raise tsunami relief funds.
taiwan's religious groups have launched programs to raise relief funds.
record un appeal of 1.6 billion us dollars for iraq last year.

5874
australian government demands fair treatment of citizen detained in iraq.
government says it has written to iraq's president demanding that an australian citizen detained without charge in kurdistan for 18 months.
asks for assurances that jamal is being treated fairly, that he be tried according to proper judicial process or released and deported to australia.

10912
malawi expects to raise 27.5 million dollars from trade fair.
malawi's president bingu wa mutharika is expected to officially open.
malawi's president bingu wa mutharika is expected to officially open the fair.

7149
technobuddy : cd-ing double is the way to get the most from cd-roms.
when the notion of having a cd-rom drive was new, i was a cd fiend.
notion of having a cd-rom drive was new, i was a cd fiend.

7152
diplomacy in japan : ` joan of art ' again.
in each was a piece of art destined for its private quarters, the new home of mrs. mondale and her husband, walter.
home of mrs. mondale and her husband, walter -- the former vice president and current ambassador to japan.

3951
sitca finance may takeover troubled bank.
thailand has selected a group led by sitca investment and securities as the leading contender.
group includes thai petrochemical industry pcl, siam motors co., toa group and thai rung union car pcl.

7516
interbrew ends management talks to sell labatt unit (update1).
interbrew sa plans to sell the canadian brewer's broadcasting assets.
broadcasting assets) is a valuable asset and we have time to find a good deal.

7871
though the years do slow us, we remember our sweet youth.
like a hippo, the chocolate-and-white bird dog pup, bear, peers out from plastic pool.
deviling him licking his face or nipping at his legs _ and parenthood is a bearable affliction.

2068
indian cabinet approves pending shipment of arms to nepal attention - changes sources, adds quotes \/ \/ \/.
king gyanendra seized power in the tiny himalayan kingdom.
, including vehicles, '' an official spokesman said in a statement.

11022
mubarak, chirac discuss palestinian, iranian nuclear issues.
egyptian president hosni mubarak discussed with visiting french president jacques chirac.
mubarak, on his part, said that continued aid to the palestinians was essential to regional peace.

8430
` benedict arnold ' : benedict arnold as a head case.
his duplicity earned him the hatred of his countrymen.
200 years after his death, here comes another kick in the head.

3593
china's prices continue to fall in july, investment slows.
consumer price index fell 1.8 percent in july compared with same month a year earlier.
consecutive monthly decline, and compared with a fall of 1.7 percent in june.

8986
r-ark-dems-shooting - (trims) - nyt.
bill gwatney was shot in his office in little rock on wednesday morning.
robbie brown in atlanta and john m. hubbell in little rock contributed reporting.

348
eu wants progress in cyprus talks before membership.
the european union commissioner charged with preparing accession negotiations.
eu) much easier and will conclude them much sooner, '' van den broek.

11054
senior cpc official meets senegalese guest.
china and senegal are seeing momentum in the development of their bilateral relations.
sdp) delegation led by prime minister macky sall, head of the party's deputy secretary-general.

3798
dollar drifts up as market gauges recovery prospects.
euro was changing hands at 1.4250 dollars compared with 1.4294 dollars late on tuesday.
changing hands at 1.4250 dollars compared with 1.4294 dollars late on tuesday.

7560
party switching in 104th congress the most ever.
sens. richard shelby and ben nighthorse have left the democratic party for the gop.
ga.) and greg laughlin (texas) have left the democratic party for the gop.

4220
third day of trucker blockade halts fish and firs eds : leads throughout to add number of trucks taking part in.
they say they are shortchanged by a law allowing them to deduct 26.
dlrs 26) from their income taxes for each day they work outside the country.

9893
hang seng china enterprises index down.
the index tracks the overall performance of 40 china's state-owned enterprises.
index fell 17.67 points, or 2.11 percent, from the previous session, to close at 818.62.

9938
china loosens restrictions on overseas investment in mineral exploration : official.
it is now possible for solely-funded foreign companies to conduct mineral explorations.
ministry will also improve and streamline evaluation and approving procedures.

6833
reagan continues to draw crowds as library reopens.
visitors continued to pay homage to 40th president and his widow, nancy.
hilltop view of a green farm valley ringed by golden mountains.

440
japan's yamaha motor to fuel motorcycle business in asia.
tokyo is the world's number two motorcycle maker yamaha motor co..
, april 9 (afp) - the world's number two motorcycle maker yamaha motor co..

7938
sculley brothers use corporate seasoning to fulfill dream of family.
dennis lynch was waiting to meet two potential investors at his company headquarters.
small-time investors, '' he remembers telling his associate, michael browne.

7277
washington : based immigration. ''.
fees meant to discourage employers from hiring foreign workers.
a tax on american businesses that use foreign workers.

2699
germany set for first woman leader but risks political uncertainty by guy jackson = (pictures) =.
the pastor's daughter from east germany and her christian democrats had looked home and dry just over two weeks ago.
pastor's daughter from east germany and her conservative christian democrats had looked home and dry just over two weeks ago.

4465
farm worker wins partial victory in insecticide poisoning.
organophosphates _ developed in part as former nerve gas agents _.
powerful insecticides and pesticides, and in some households products, too.

479
iran asks oil producers to give month's income to palestinians.
iranian foreign minister urges oil producers to donate one month of oil revenue.
palestinians), '' kharazi said shortly after returning from a visit to lebanon and syria.

11206
bush threatens to impose sanctions against sudan over darfur crisis.
sudan has approved a un plan to send helicopters to support the african union.
sudan must follow through on president bashir must act, '' bush said.

8538
belichick's team accomplishing great things.
bill belichick has coached lawrence taylor, been on staff with bill parcells.
80927:9 ; 42 ; :424 r children : picking a favorite seems moot when you love them all.

2700
actress rene zellweger seeks to annul union with singer kenny chesney.
renee zellweger is seeking to annul her marriage with country music singer kenny chesney.
knot chesney after a brief courtship on may caribbean island of st. john in the us virgin islands.

4356
dutch central bank raises interest rates.
the dutch central bank lifted its fixed advance rate, the equivalent of germany's discount rate.
kees rijswijk, an analyst with sns securities, referring to relatively high consumer and producer prices.

7987
gm tries to shine up cadillac image.
elvis bought them six at a time.
driveways of king saud and j. paul getty.

8015
gore splits time between money, middle class.
gore pitched more details of his plan to make affordable medical care available.
top directors and entertainment executives whose names are less well-known to the public.

8040
at&t board seeks ways to lift stock.
at&t's board opted to continue discussions with british telecommunications about a potential combination of the two carriers ' units that sell communications to business customers.
at&t's board was less enthusiastic about a potential combination of the wireless communications divisions at at&t and british telecommunications but that such a deal had not been ruled out.

4754
federal authorities brace up for rebel raids on chechnya's independence anniversary.
federal authorities stepped up security throughout breakaway chechnya to ward off rebel raids.
moscow-appointed civilian administration for chechnya said on condition of anonymity.

8544
bobby hatfield, righteous brothers singer, dies at 63.
bobby hatfield died on wednesday in a hotel room in kalamazoo, mich..
righteous brothers were to perform at western michigan university, cohen said.

1542
economists look for recovery in french, german industrial output.
german december production is expected to regain some of the ground lost.
indicated by strong consumer spending figures and rising industrial production ''.

1323
attack on us base in iraq kills 22, france awaits freed hostages.
a huge explosion at a packed us army mess hall killed 22 people in the deadliest single attack against us forces.
roundly denounced by us president george w. bush, a day after he acknowledged the strength of iraq's tenacious insurgency.

11280
israel denies quotes on iran's nuclear plant by german magazine.
israel denies a german magazine report.
saying by focus, a german magazine, on saturday.

600
kempes sparked argentinian joy on home soil.
mario kempes is best remembered for argentina's victory on home soil.
elegant focal point of a side whose ranks included its fair share of hard men.

7308
flight from camboia led to teen's tennis stardom : dad who guided.
a 15-year-old freshman at fairborn high school, near dayton, ohio, veasna tith is not only a good student.
, sarin, had wrapped their belongings in a small blanket for a journey to a new life in thailand.

2019
malaysian shares close lower attention - refiling to amend garbles \/ \/ \/.
kuala lumpur composite index closed 2.84 points at 901.22 on volume was 361 million shares worth 585 million ringgit (154 million dollars).
kuala lumpur composite index closed down 2.84 points at 901.22 on volume was 361 million shares worth 585 million ringgit said 154 million dollars).

11356
overall quality of china's blood products good, chinese spokeswoman.
the results of two special investigations into china's blood products are made.
sfda sent 14 inspection teams to investigate 29 vaccine manufacturers in june, yan said.

10322
russia, us hold close positions on iran : putin.
putin says the positions of moscow and washington are `` closer than they seem at first sight ''
a means of dishonest competition with our companies in the iranian market, '' he added.

10330
qinghai hospital succeeds in hemopoietic stem cell transplant.
as a lymphatic cancer patient moved out from his bacteria-free ward safe and sound on may 30, medical workers in northwestern qinghai province.
first successful hemopoietic stem cell transplant in the qinghai-tibetan plateau, signaling an advancement in the region's medical treatment technology.

6994
in recession, women clip hair, nail appointments.
she says she ca n't afford to splurge on those little luxuries.
santa monica said she ca n't afford to splurge on those little luxuries.

11440
domanski-lyfors : china play well but lose in bad luck.
china coach marika domanski-lyfors hails the brilliant performance of her players.
hosts 1-0 and set up a semi-final clash with defending champions germany.

9205
5 sec football questions to be answered in spring.
quarterbacks coach david reaves has said he wants to settle the question.
tackles jason watkins covered tebow's blind side for two years, and now he's gone.

7365
patricia morrisroe, author of a new robert mapplethorpe.
morrisroe had interviewed him for a london times magazine article.
disclosure that he had aids, mapplethorpe was ready to tell his life story.

3224
football : african youth championship results.
ghana 2 (gladson awako 13) mali 0.
gladson awako 13, ransford osei 77) mali 0.

10399
recast : s. africa denies weapons supplies to congo.
a senior south african official has dismissed claims as `` utter rubbish ''
billy masetlha, chairman of the third party verification mechanism, said on tuesday.

6008
freed american reporter jill carroll was seeking to fulfill dream in going to iraq.
the 28-year-old was released thursday three months after being kidnapped in iraq.
her ordeal took place half a world away from where she began her career.

10437
iran says it seeks to make middle east free from wmd.
iran seeks to make the middle east region free from weapons of mass destruction.
imamali rahmanov, khatami said international relations should be based on mutual respect.

6205
ferrer, johansson advance to second round at swedish open.
david ferrer defeated guillermo garcia-lopez 6-2, 6-1 in the swedish open.
ferrer after defending champion tommy robredo made an early exit.

798
china says any move by hong kong legislators to condemn beijing unlawful.
hong kong legislators condemn beijing's rejection of universal suffrage in the territory.
-rrb- standing committee for ruling out early introduction of universal suffrage in the territory.

10465
common african defense policy possible : s. african minister.
south african defense minister says a common african union defense policy is a possibility.
idea has come, presents a chance for men and women of this continent to work towards that challenge.

8194
disaster services chief is a talker and a doer.
father and son were to celebrate by attending the braves game.
kind of sad, '' stephens said, `` but he understands.

5109
judge sides with three insurers against wtc leaseholder silverstein.
the hartford fire insurance co. allows them to consider the sept. 11 terrorism.
silverstein estimates its losses related to sept. 11 at $ 8.2 billion.

1327
opera diva's body pays last visit to la scala.
italy's renata tebaldi was due to be buried wednesday.
musical director riccardo muti led the 1950s.

850
rebel iraqi cleric offers peace deal after talks with shiite leaders.
rebel cleric moqtada sadr made a conditional offer tuesday to end clashes with us-led forces in iraq.
military abu muawal al-musawai, representative of grand ayatollah mohammed taqi al-mudarisi.

1938
the afp africa news agenda duty editor : martin bennitt tel : paris (+ 33 1) 40 41 77 28.
campaign for the country's may 15 polls continues.
1994 genocide resume at least 111 people.

865
kuwait's main oil refinery returns to full operation after blast =.
energy minister sheikh ahmad fahd opened the refinery after its reconstruction was completed at a cost of 345 million dollars.
refinery after its reconstruction was completed at a cost of 345 million dollars, paid mostly by insurance companies.

1681
australia faces new pressure to join kyoto as pact comes into force attention - recasts, inserts pm's comment \/ \/ \/.
australia and the united states have refused to ratify the pact on climate change.
pact on climate change, arguing it would unfairly burden their economies.

10506
threats on sharon increase : israeli official.
security threats on ariel sharon have increased both from arab and jewish groups.
cited minister-without-portfolio gideon ezra as telling the security service has gathered.

1362
new york, us east coast also face tsunami threat : scientists by richard ingham.
the most volcanically active island in the canaries archipelago is unstable.
benfield grieg hazard research centre at university college london.

10525
rice clashes with israeli security cabinet over separation fence.
condoleezza rice clashed with israeli security cabinet on sunday.
fence is a non-negotiable security necessity for israel.

8248
new york city explores its new place in the world.
when the first of the colossal twin towers opened in 1970, the response was as blunt as it was succinct.
columnist george f. will, calling them both hopeless and pointless, told of a recurring vision he had about them.

6633
hualien, miaoli most satisfied with leaders ' tourism efforts.
hualien and miaoli residents are more satisfied with their leaders ' efforts to promote tourism.
visitor numbers hit a record high of more than half a million in each of the past three months, wu added.

8250
new york city explores its new place in the world.
when the first of the colossal twin towers opened in 1970, the response was as blunt as it was succinct.
columnist george f. will, calling them both hopeless and pointless, told of a recurring vision he had about them.

2622
embattled annan hosts world summit under cloud of scandal by gerard aziakou.
kofi annan reeling from damning criticism over iraq oil-for-food program.
67-year-old secretary general who wants to win endorsement of sweeping un reforms.

5575
us airways orders 20 airbus a350 jets.
us airways has placed binding orders for 20 airbus a350 planes.
, worth an estimated euro3.42 billion (us$ 4.03 billion) at list prices.

8691
trojans ' problem is n't a bad one.
jessica alba is too attractive ?
usc coach pete carroll.

4279
hrbaty beats no. 3 seed portas to advance to semifinals eds : adds third match.
dominik hrbaty beat third seed albert portas of spain in straight sets.
javier sanchez defeated fifth-seeded marcelo filippini of uruguay 6-3, 1-6, 6-4.

7695
bank investments may be perceived as risk-free prospects.
`` i get five calls a week, '' says 71-year-old buddy ross.
money maturing from a certificate of deposit at bank one fort worth.

7014
desert broom reproduces too much, creosote too little.
desert broom is considered a weed in terms of its landscaping use.
answer : desert broom is considered a weed in terms of its landscaping use.

7023
teammate wins titles, and that's what bruins had.
ucla bruins won the national championship of college basketball monday night.
consisted of six players, including two freshmen and two sophomores.

849
crude oil tops 40 dollars in new york (adds details, quotes).
crude oil surged past 40 dollars in new york tuesday.
already exceeding its quota by that amount.

3336
traffic to us newspaper websites up 16 pct : nielsen online.
visitors to the top 10 us newspaper websites grew to 40.1 million in december.
latimes.com) with 8.0 million unique visitors, a rise of 73 percent.

4788
imf chief downplays japan's woes, as government readies new reforms.
prime minister junichiro koizumi has come under pressure to rekindle the world's second biggest economy since data showed it shrank for four straight quarters.
world's second biggest economy since data showed last month it shrank for four straight quarters _ its worst and longest slump since tokyo began keeping records in 1980.

5407
oil prices push euro-zone inflation up to 2.5 percent in october.
higher oil prices pushed up inflation in the 12 countries using the euro to 2.5 percent.
year-on-year inflation for all 25 eu member states was 2.4 percent in october.

2206
sabmiller toasts soaring annual profits attention - updates with share price, adds detail \/ \/ \/.
britain-based brewer sabmiller reported a 58-percent rise in pre-tax annual profits.
surged to 2.194 billion dollars and annual turnover rose 15 percent to 14.543 billion dollars.

4401
militants kill 9 policemen, 2 civilians in southern egypt.
suspected muslim militants stormed two police stations in southern egypt.
southern province of minya, 230 kilometers (140 miles) south of the capital, cairo.

7396
u.s. economy : industrial output down for third month in a row.
u.s. industrial production dropped in may for third consecutive month, federal reserve figures show.
output at factories, mines, and utilities fell 0.2 percent last month, reflecting a plunge in auto production.

4660
heavy storms, floods turn deadly in the azores eds : corrects death toll to 10 instead of 7 in 3rd graf.
rescuers dug through mud and rocks which covered houses friday after storms triggered landslides.
1,448 kilometers) west of mainland portugal, are mostly rural, with many isolated villages (1,448 reported.

7401
william charney, microbiologist who developed drug products, 77.
dr. william charney died wednesday at a nursing home in montclair.
director of microbiological development after 37 years with schering-plough.

3162
bulgarian police stage new sit-in for better pay, conditions.
over 1,000 bulgarian police officers staged a renewed sit-in outside the interior ministry.
, complaining about bad working conditions and demanding an increase in salaries.

921
german veteran paolini among favorites in singapore's world series leg.
the second leg of horse racing will be held here sunday with german veteran paolini.
dubai duty free stakes in trainer andreas wohler was confident ahead of sunday evening's race.

1064
french cyclist vasseur given green light for cofidis return.
vasseur, a former wearer of the tour de france yellow jersey, will saddle up for the bicicleta basque stage race.
33-year-old frenchman was suspended on april 8 when it was revealed that traces of cocaine had been found in a hair sample.

6051
iran officially launches english-language tv channel to counter western influence on news.
president mahmoud ahmadinejad officially inaugurated on monday.
24-hour channel would broadcast news every half hour.

4665
australia to contribute up to u.s. dlrs 1.43 billion to indonesia.
treasurer peter costello says australia will contribute up to u.s. dlrs 1 billion.
exports make to our own growth and employment opportunities, '' he said.

4411
five south korean firms authorized to invest in north korea.
south korea authorized a state land company to build an industrial park in first free-trade zone.
free-trade zone for general trading, building fishing and logistical facilities and manufacturing bicycles.

993
israeli troops kill palestinian during west bank incursion.
israeli troops shot dead a palestinian gunman thursday during an army incursion.
dead militant was probably a member of the soldiers took away his body for identification.

1656
zambian supreme court to rule on mwanawasa's election victory.
the supreme court in zambia is to rule on a challenge to president levy mwanawasa's election victory.
alleging vote-rigging and vote-buying, while a third is demanding a recount of the ballots.

10564
backgrounder : major events in china-belgium relations.
chinese premier wen jiabao visits belgium on wednesday.
major events in china and belgium establish diplomatic relations.

7697
sandoz 1st-half sales up 6 %, sf8.68 bln vs sf8.22 bln (update1).
first-half sales rose 6 percent, to 8.68 billion swiss francs.
francs and pushing nutrition sales is 63 percent to 1.87 billion francs.

